---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 1"
category: "NPC"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 1: Character - Brown Bear

Character: Brown Bear (Animal, Common Monster, Passive Aggressive)

Level: 9 (Requires level 2 professional NPC or higher)

Damage: 12 - 20

Range Restriction: 10 meter radius around spawn point

Actions: Walk, Stop, Run, Roar

Professional NPC Bonus: Skill [Taunt]

A pretty girl wearing a revealing herbalist outfit ran energetically towards a colorfully blooming peony hanging on a cliff. Her light blue skirt fluttered behind her. The girl's laughter was like the ringing of a silver bell, and in her arms was a large bundle of picked flowers.

Just at that moment, a brown bear charged out of the forest, perfectly between the girl and the peony.

The girl cried out in fear, but when she discovered that it was only a passive type common brown bear, she cutely patted her chest.

Luckily it wasn't an aggressive type, otherwise the blood from the fight would have dirtied her newly bought herbalist outfit.

The girl wanted to circle around the bear to pick the flower, but she didn't know if the bear was doing it on purpose, on purpose, or on purpose.

When she went left, the brown bear would go left. When she went right, the brown bear would also change directions and go right.

It clearly wanted to obstruct her, always standing between her and the peony.

The girl said with a cute anger, "Dumb bear, go away."

"Roar~~"

The brown bear released a roared from its throat, then turned around and faced its big, fat butt towards her. Then things got messy.

With a "pffff~~" sound, a light yellow gas shot out of the brown bear's butt.

"Eeeek~~"

The girl had turned completely green. Almost instinctively, she took out her rolling pin — uh wrong, it's her staff — and without even using any skills, she directly smashed it towards the bear.

When the brown bear saw the girl raise her rolling pin, it impatiently raised its butt to meet it.

"Pow~~"

-1

The rolling pin hit the brown bear's butt and then... then as if it had been provoked, it turned around, rose up, and instantly pushed the girl down to the ground.

The corners of its mouth raised, baring its teeth, as if it was gloating its victory with an evil smile.

*I was only afraid that you wouldn't hit me.*

*I can only pounce on you if you hit me you know.*

Its heavy body pressed the girl down under it, making her unable to move a muscle. The girl, feeling angry, anxious, and ashamed, reprimanded cutely, "You... you dumb bear. Get off..."

"Growl~~" The brown bear raised its head, releasing a cheerful roar, and looked at its prey.

Then... towards that white and tender neck... it chomped down.

*Haha, a player finally came. For what reason would I let her go?*

Seeing the cutie with her bundle of flowers, then recalling that peony on the cliff face, Qing Ya knew there would be a good show to see.

Qing Ya heard the sweet sound of the system: <20 contribution points, 16 after tax. Level 2, 55/200.>

Qing Ya became intoxicated for a while. *Oh, it's been so long since I've heard such a beautiful sound.*

Not until the girl disappeared into white light did Qing Ya, who was currently a brown bear character, stand up. Shaking its head, it wiggled its butt back to its spawn point.

It continued to pace around within its 10 meter radius circle, waiting for prey... Oh wrong, it's waiting for players to visit.

According to Qing Ya's experience, judging by the herbalist cutie's clothes, actions, and reactions, the girl must have been a pampered young lady who was just in the game to play around.

Normally, there would be no shortage of white knights around this sort of cutie. It didn't take much thought to guess that there would soon be a horde of lady-killers rushing over in order to win her heart. 

Well, nothing could be done. This place was too remote so this was the only way.

Upon reaching level 2, she had spent all her resources in order to obtain that [Taunt] skill.

That's right, a brown bear's taunt is... to shake its butt and fart.

As a passive aggressive monster, if a player doesn't take the initiative to attack them, then they can't attack the players.

If they don't attack, then no damage can be done.

If no damage is done, then there is not way to obtain contribution points.

Without contribution points, how would one obtain the experience needed to level up.

This was true for players, and it was also true for professional NPCs like herself.

Qing Ya thought back to when she had first become a professional NPC. As a newbie, she had been assigned to some corner of the world as a butterfly.

It was in the vegetable field just next to the player's starting point, as a completely passive monster.

Not only could she not take the initiative to attack players, she could not even hit back when attacked. She was an existence that existed only to be target practice and to give the players experience and copper coins.

Moreover, the respawn points there were super numerous. She had to wait super long for some lost players to find her and give her barely enough contribution points to level up.

Only upon reaching level 2 Professional NPC could she finally choose her own character.

However, the more popular mobbing spots had already been monopolized, and it was very difficult to squeeze into their circles. Even if she joined them, they would take at least half her contribution points, so might as well find a cooler spot and wait for opportunities without a care.

An so, Qing Ya ended up in this out-of-the-way place for over two weeks. Now, finally a cutie shows up so naturally she had to use any means to make her stay.

Alright, her way of making someone 'stay' was a bit too... umm, special.

However, what could she do with only a single [Taunt] skill.

As expected, Qing Ya didn't even have to wait 10 minutes before over 10 uniformed fighters, knights, and archers appeared in her field of view.

Leading them was a little herbalist who pointed in her direction, then the group charged over making a big racket, and acting all overbearing.

Qing Ya couldn't help but gulp... this was going to be a big profit.

However, in the eyes of these players, when the brown bear, who was originally just bathing in the sunlight, saw them, it instantly stood up and charged over. 

Wasn't it only a measly level 9 mob, even a passive type at that. It actually dared to charge at these level 20+ players while roaring. If it wasn't asking for a beating, then what?

"Eeek..." The little herbalist patted her chest to try and quell her fear as she hid behind the men.

The scene of being bitten on the neck was still fresh in her mind.

"Everyone remove your equipment! I want to crush this trash." A silver armored fighter shouted formidably.

Thus, the group of people rolled up their sleeves and advanced with empty hands. They directly forced the brown bear down onto ground and began to beat it up with punches and stomps.

This was because his little junior didn't like blood, and also because a weapon would have finished off this damn bear in just two strikes, which would not be enough to quell their anger.

While beating it up, the men also scolded it: "This'll teach you not to bully our junior!" "How dare you bully our junior..." "Take this for bullying our junior..."

When the brown bear was left with only a sliver of health, they held down each of its four limbs and let the little herbalist approach it.

The little herbalist raised her rolling pin — uh, I mean staff — and quickly knocked it against the brown bear's head before shrinking back.

-1

<Beep, player [NeatCutie] has killed you.>

Then, Qing Ya became a sparkling corpse. Meanwhile, the system gave her some experience points and two copper.

Obviously, a single death couldn't dispel the grudge from her previous killing of the little herbalist, therefore these people encircled the area, camping the corpse.

...... The moment Qing Ya returned to the database, she sprinted to her exit as if she was running the 100 meter dash.

Her exit was near the edge, so along the way, she stared enviously at those leisurely comrades of hers.

They only needed to complete a single mission a week, so the remaining time could be spent as they wished, even on their private lives. It was simply too good!

The most crucial point though, was that they didn't have to worry about anyone taking their 'character'.

A boy about Qing Ya's age called out to her, "Hey, Yaya, what are you running so fast for? Are you finally in business?"

Qing Ya ran while replying with a giggle, "Yeah, looks like I've caught a big one today. Don't forget, you said that when I level up, you'll treat me to a basic energy feast."

"I remember, of course I remember..."

When the boy's voice reached her, she had already run into her exit.

Upon entering the respawn screen, when she saw that her spot was still green — empty — she finally sighed in relief. Luckily, no one had taken it.

Thereafter, Qing Ya inserted her card, pressed the confirm button, and without hesitation, entered her [Brown Bear] character. 

Since she was still a trial period NPC, she could only use the public characters.

In other words, as long as it shows up green, it's empty, so any professional NPC that meets the requirements can use it.

If you were to find yourself in Qing Ya's shoes, where you used everything you've got to make an obviously neglected spot slightly popular, and then another NPC stuck their foot in, that feeling... just biting them once wouldn't be enough.
