---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
category: "NPC"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 2: Cutie, Harder

Mumu, who had called out to Qing Ya was already a tenured professional NPC who had signed an agreement with the main system. As long as he doesn't violate the agreement, then within the allotted time, his character would be his. No one could snatch it.

At least he wouldn't have to run so painstakingly hard like herself, for fear that someone would fight her for her spot.

Qing Ya cheered herself on. As long as she could reach level 10, then she could obtain a tenure and become an official professional NPC. At that time, she would have even more characters to choose from!

...The brown bear corpse surrounded by high level players began to move. The health bar above its head slowly recovered until full.

The brown bear stood up and shook its body.

*Ouchy, I feel like my bones are falling apart. Eh, why aren't these people attacking? Come at me. Stop wasting time...*

Her current brown bear appearance, in the eyes of the players, was just asking for a beating.

They saw that the moment it stood up, it began to aggressively roar at the little herbalist. 

Recalling the scene of being crushed under its body and having her neck bitter, the little herbalist couldn't help but step back. She shyly spoke to the silver armored guy beside her, "Brother Fan, it... it scares me..."

The white armored man waved his hand, "Beat it for me..."

An thus, Qing Ya got beaten down again right after she stood up. The little herbalist walked up timidly, and whacked at her head, "Humph, take that for scaring me..."

The little herbalist whacked the bear with her rolling pin, dealing 1 damage.

Eh? Still not dead? The cutie once again swung lightly. -1.

Even this time, Qing Ya's health bar still had a little bit left.

"Growl~~" *Little girl, harder. Kill me quickly so I can revive already. Every bone in this lady's body has already been broken by these brutes. So why don'tcha just free me from this suffering.*

Qing Ya just weakly cried out, and that silver haired guy leapt over, landing a flying kick on the bear's face, easily emptying its health bar.

"It actually still dares to try and scare m'lady. Guard the corpse again! I want to beat it until it breaks!"

The other players were all thinking, "Yeah, we have to take revenge for little sister herbalist!"

... And thus Qing Ya was running for the entire day. Everytime she got beaten down, she would get up and happily run back out to continue getting beaten. She was even afraid someone would want to take this away from her.

Although every time she was beaten to death was painful, but seeing the numbers continuously growing made Qing Ya 'delighted'... Yup, pain brings happiness.

After who knows how many deaths, a white light finally shined down on Qing Ya followed by the systems incomparably beautiful beeping sound.

<Congratulations, #308 has leveled up. Hope you make even more contributions on the next stage.>

Qing Ya shouted, "I'll definitely continue to contribute...", then continued to run to the exit.

Mumu watched as a white light shined on the running Qing Ya. *Hey, didn't we agree to a basic energy meal after you level?*

Qing Ya waved at him as she ran. The basic energy meal was a must, but he never said that it had to be immediately after she leveled.

She finally got a chance to earn contribution points from the system, she definitely had to seize it.

*Yeah! Dear patient cutie and handsomes, aaaa'm back.*

These players didn't know how many times they had killed this stupid bear. They only saw its health bar fill back up after every death. 

They groan in anguish in their hearts. Having already decided to oppress it until it breaks, yet they had already beat it till their fists were sore.

When Qing Ya saw that the surrounding players no longer continued to greet her with the promised fists, she began to feel anxious.

*Hey, don't go. Didn't you say you were going to beat me till I break?*

*Don't give up. Come. Come again. Come kill me again.*

"Growl~~"

While these people were tired of beating her, Qing Ya took the chance to growl towards the little herbalist, looking for a beating.

Then, turning around, facing her butt to the cutie, she farted with a "pfff~~", release a cloud of yellow gas.

"Growl~~" *Come, come. Come at me. If you don't hit me, I'll annoy you. Let's beat eachother up.*

"Growl~~"

"How can this be? How could they possibly endure this?" The player's thought. 

The surrounding guys were completely infuriated. They began to make a clamour shouting "Ridiculous?" and "Preposterous!"

It actually dared to bully the girl in front of them, it was not giving them any face at all.

After hearing it growl again, two male players brought their little junior away and told her, "Junior, you wait here. We'll get revenge for you!" 

Without their junior around, these beasts could finally unleash their weapons. They began to take out blunt and rusty beginner weapons to greet Qing Ya.

... Another beam of light descended. Level 4. She had finally reach level 4. It meant that she could now compete with players in their 20s.

She once again went through her exit and revived.

*Eh, where is everyone?*

Qing Ya stood up and saw that the people camping her had begun to leave one after the other.

"Brother Fan, my time is up. I have to log off..." the little herbalist said.

Her words was like heavenly music to the silver armored man, making his eyes twinkle like stars.

*Ugh, it's finally over.*

Feigning a regretful expression, he said, "Hah, since time is up, then there's nothing we can do. We'll let the bear go for now. Next time, next time we'll come back to teach it a lesson."

The surrounding guys also followed his lead, "Right right, when we have time, we'll definitely break that dumb bear!"

"Growl~~" *Hellooo, whoever you are, don't leave. Come, come, don't be afraid. This sister is still waiting to be broken.*

The silver armored man, hearing that damn bear's growl, couldn't help but complain. He was afraid that Ling'er would change her mind and have them continue helping her 'vent her anger'.

Luckily, Ling'er had really reached her time limit so had to log off.

From this experience, he learned: beating people up, oh wait, beat bears up was a very tiring thing.

The others also felt gloomy. Today, they were supposed to farm Golden Leaf Valley's flower fairies, but the entire day had been wasted on a level 9 mob.

However, weren't they here to spend time with the miss anyways? As long as she was happy, the clan would profit.

Thinking of that, they all felt relieved.

The bear's provocations became more distant...

They thought to themselves, "We're people who accomplish big things. Magnanimous adults. How can we lower ourselves to the same level as a monster?!"

...

Qing Ya looked at the absolutely empty valley. As darkness fell, speck of rain began to fall from the sky.

*There definitely won't be anymore people today. Let's finish up work.*

Mumu saw that Qing Ya had unexpectedly leveled twice in a row. When he brought her to the shopping mall to treat her to the basic energy meal, he couldn't help asking, "Someone formed a party to hunt in that valley today?"

Qing Ya pouted, "As if. That valley is way far, and there aren't many monster spawn points. Even if it's kiting, no one would go so far out."

"Then today..."

"Ah, Today... I was there sunbathing, when a little herbalist came and headed straight for the flower on the cliff wall. Just one look and I saw that it happened to be in my patrol radius. There I just..."

Mumu made an "oooooh" sound, then showed an evil smile, "You used that move you learned didn't you."

Qing Ya patted his shoulder, and "hehe" laughed mischievously with a "you understand me best" expression.

The two of them arrived at a restaurant as they chatted. Mumu patted his deflated stomach. "Here it is then. Let's go."

Qing Ya didn't move her feet. Looking at the dazzling display and then smelling the captivating fragrance of food, she gulped and said, "It's fine, this place is too expensive. It's all the same stuff but they charge 3 or 4 times more. It's practically stealing."

Her heart told her, "Eating such good food just like that, what if I eat him poor and scare him off? Then won't I starve in the future?"

Mm, slow and steady is still best.
