---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
category: "NPC"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 3: The Path of a Professional NPC

The so called basic energy meal was a set of fast foods containing basic energy. With Qing Ya eating as if her life was on the line, she could still afford to eat for a week.

Normally, it would be priced at around 200-300 copper, but at a restaurant, it would cost at least a couple silver.

1000 copper was equivalent to a silver. 100 silver was a gold.

The most expensive coin Qing Ya had ever seen was a silver. A majority of people pass their lives only using coppers.

Mumu heard Qing Ya's words. Without showing any hesitation, he patted her shoulder and said, deeply moved, "Hah, truly a good bro. Since you want to eat from the street stalls so badly, then I won't force it. Alright, next time. Next time, when I have money, I'll definitely treat you to the high class stuff!"

The two of them sat at a roadside vendor stand, Mumu called out familiarly to the boss, "Brother Fei, give me two basic energy meals."

"Hey, got it."

Very quickly, the bearded boss carried two servings of rice cake over.

Qing Ya looked at the two pieces of palm sized rice cakes. *Is this really the basic energy... meal?*

She cursed in her heart. It turned out this bastard had no intention of treating her to a feast.

*Whatever, as long as there's food.*

Well, it was her fault for buying that skill that could 'attract' players. She had traded all her savings to buy that taunt skill.

Recently, she had been freeloading off her close friends.

If not for them, she would have starved long ago.

Even if she managed not to starve, she wouldn't have had the energy to withstand today's gang \*\*\*\*ing.

This kindness, she — Qing Ya — would remember it. She even specially kept a record, recording every little act of kindness she received.

Mumu saw Qing Ya summon her tablet, and scribble something onto it.

He asked, "What are you writing?"

Qing Ya replied without looking up, "Recording the fact that you treated me today..."

Mumu was somewhat surprised, "What are you recording that for?"

Qing Ya had already finished writing and retrieved her tablet. She replied with a smile, "Teehee, obviously because I might forget in the future."

*While I'm at my lowest point in life, every bit of kindness is extremely precious.*

*Writing it down, is not just to remember it, but also as a reminder to myself to work harder.*

*In the future, if I'm successful, I definitely have to pay it back a hundred times.*

Mumu asked, "Oh right, you're already level 4 now. You can now fight in the level 20 areas. Do you have a character in mind?"

Though Qing Ya had just reached level 4, however regarding her future plans, she had long been researching the [Professional NPC's Leveling Guide] written by her predecessors.

Professional NPC's development can be divided into two main types.

1: Monster

Like what Qing Ya had already experienced: [Butterfly], and [Brown Bear].

They maintain a love and hate relationship with the players in order to gain contribution points. By fighting, they can obtain experience, wealth, items, and strength.

2: City NPC

This type of NPC normally release quests, as well as offer various services, help, and serve various functions.

That's right, they include the city guards.

This type of NPC all have a very high salary and receive the city's protection.

The only disadvantage was that in order to apply for this sort of position, one must perform a binding contract with the local server.

Therefore, Qing Ya directly cut off any thought of being a city NPC.

After 15th level, there would be many aggressive type monster, which meant that the system would put less restrictions on these characters, allowing them more authority. 

As long as a player enters the character's area, they could actively attack.

Whether it's kill or being killed, both would give contribution points, thus gain experience.

Thus, obtaining experience is much easier than with a passive type character.

Of course, correspondingly, as an NPC's level increases, the amount of experience increases as well.

If killed by a player, then experience and drops would be calculated according to the level of the NPC and the level of the player.

The amount of experience a professional NPC receives is also linked with the level of their characters, normally between 1.5 times to 3 times.

If the NPC kills a player, then the player's experience will be decreased, and they might drop an item. A portion of the experience points will be contributed to the system.

The NPC's reward will be the experience that the player lost.

The most important point is that the equipment of the killed player, if picked up by a professional NPC, will be recycled by the system. If a silver grade equipment drops, then it's practically like raining money.

Thus, as a professional NPC, when able to kill a player, they would definitely not hesitate.

Of course, in reality, for an equivalent leveled player and normal monster, the player can easily suppress the monster.

Otherwise, there wouldn't be War Mages who directly kite a bunch of monsters and kill large swaths at once.

NPCs could only passively offer players experience points just to obtain a little bit themselves, and then continuously grow.

Even so, this was what Qing Ya yearned for.

Whatever the case, playing happily with the players and fulfilling the duties of a professional NPC was Qing Ya's current goal.

Export is what really makes the world go round.

She just has to continue to export experience and riches to the players. This... is the the true energy source of a professional NPC.

Qing Ya knew that the good spots with aggressive monsters would have many people fighting over them, so the competition would be fierce.

Moreover, the coordinates would be crowded, so if there were only few players, whether it's killing or being killed, there wouldn't be enough to go around.

So Qing Ya had long since set her eyes on a few spots.

Qing Ya said, "I plan to go to the valley outside Hidden Dragon Bay. There are only two spots, beside one of which is a mine spawn point. The other is close to an herb collection point with Clear Moon Flowers. Although Clear Moon Flowers are beginner level herbs, but they are basic herbs require for refining spirit pellets and yang pellets, so it is frequently visited by players. So I..."

Mumu interrupted her, "But the monsters that spawn there are passive type monsters. Moreover, they're humanoid types. If you want to taunt then you'll have to buy the humanoid monster's taunt skill..."

Qing Ya began to giggle. Mumu truly knows her best. It took him only a moment to figure out her idea.

Qing Ya took a big bite out of her rice cake, turning it into energy which merged with her body. She could see all her body's numerical values increasing.

Right now, she was level 4. When her attributes reached the limit of her level, they stopped increasing.

Qing Ya packed up the remaining half of the rice cake.

Since she wanted to save enough to buy the skill, so for a long period of time, she would have to meticulously plan her spendings.

Although every death would be a contribution to the system and she would receive experience, but her bodies attributes values would lower correspondingly. When her attribute points reach 0, she would be automatically refreshed by the system. To put it simply — she would be recycled.

Qing Ya cherished her life, so every time it decreased a bit, she would immediately replenish it.

Yeah, in other words, it meant she had to eat.

As for the 'break' that the players mentioned; sometimes, when a professional NPC's attributes hit zero, and they are unable to replenish it, they will be refreshed by the system.

Other times, professional NPC's will choose to voluntarily withdraw from their character when they don't have enough food to replenish their attributes.

In the past, whenever Qing Ya was treated to meals by Mumu, Nina, and Mimi, she would save a portion of it. Today, when she was beaten by those men, she had eaten a bit of it.

As long as her attributes don't hit zero, she could continue to work.

Even with her meticulous planning, she had still ended up consuming it all today.

However, it was exchanged for two levels, which was super worth it.

Leveling is the way of the king. Only by increasing levels could one fight for more jobs, and have more choices in characters.
