---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 151"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Hazery"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 151: Battle Royal**

Zhang ZhengXiong's competitive spirit had also be lit. This was the first time he's really wanted to fight since entering the game. Both CloudDragon and SpyingBlade noticed his feral gaze. Ye Cang just smiled indifferently. *They've attracted A'Xiong's interest... It's been so long since I've seen him so eager.*

"Brother Lil'White, are they bullying you!? I'll come help!" Lin Le drew his sword and charged over. CloudDragon was surprised again. *This bastard was coming again for no reason! Not good! His target is!*

Lin Le immediately locked onto BlackIce, putting her in a difficult situation. ThornyRose smiled bitterly, they haven't even fought a single monster yet they were about to lose a member? This team full of powderkegs. Each of them either wanted to be the boss or were deaf to reason. 

VastSea and YellowSprings went to guard BlackIce. BlackIce was speechless. *F\*\*k! Me again!? Just how much does this midget hate me!* She had no way to dodge this time. Although there was space all around her, the range of the sword was just too big. There wasn't any time to cast a spell either.

CloudDragon wanted to rush over to help, but Ye Cang Mithril Rapier blocked his path. SpyingBlade's dagger stabbed at him from behind. CloudDragon raised his brows. *2 on 1? No, it's a free-for-all... SpyingBlade is also aiming his killing intent at PaleSnow.*

"Lele, save your skills for the monsters. Bro is just playing around with them." Zhang ZhengXiong said, pressing a hand down on Lele's sword holding hand. He knew that if Lele sent BlackIce back to town, this situation would become a mess. However, he was sort of looking forwards to the chaos.

Lin Le nodded and with a flourish, he rested his blade back on his shoulder. He looked over with his chin raised and his nostrils flaring. "Humph~!"

YellowSprings had already crossed swords with this midget outside the cemetery so he knew not to underestimate this him. They were both people who walked the difficult path of heavy weapon mastery. It was also his first time being sent flying by a player. Moreover, the attack earlier probably wasn't actually aimed at BlackIce, but at himself. It was as if he was telling him, 'If we really fought, I could kill her in an instant. YellowSprings' evil smile became increasingly intense. He looked at Lin Le, really wanting to attack... The anti-cavalry blade shook with his hands.'

ThornyRose was speechlessly watching. Skilled heavy weapons players like Lin Le who went full strength, even in the virtual world amongst the professional gamers, were few. The current professional scene no longer had a player like Angelite. Most would prefer to go for a balanced build, or a speed type build. YellowSprings was a burst damage type heavy weapons build. Although he was strength heavy, but what he emphasized most was skills and technique.

Lin Le felt YellowSprings' gaze and held his large sword straight out, pointing it towards him with just one hand. He pouted and said: "Why are you looking at me with bad intentions! Tell me!"

YellowSprings continued to smile evilly and said coldly: "I want to play with..."

Before YellowSprings could even finish, Lin Le had already activated Leap and his sword was already whizzing over. YellowSprings frowned. *This bastard!* He dodged frantically, rolling away from the attack.

Lin Le pulled his sword out of the scar he had left in the wall and smiled naively. "Don't dodge, so annoying..."

YellowSprings froze, and the smiled happily. *Guys like this are pretty much extinct!* He swung his blade in a wide arc. Lin Le held his sword with one hand as his other hand crushed two gold coins. YellowSprings saw him hold his blade out horizontally in front of him, forcefully blocking the attack. He watched surprise. *This guy can actually use a heavy weapon with one hand!? How much strength does he have!?* He felt his attack was blocked and couldn't push through any further. It appeared that competing in strength would be impossible... Lin Le's actions were telling him not to hold back. *So he can block my attacks with just one hand?*

YellowSprings dodged one of Lin Le's chops and performed a Rising Slash. Lin Le's free hand made a fist and punch towards it. YellowSprings' blade and Lin Le's gauntlet collided. VastSea watched amazed, YellowSprings was being dominated in every aspect. That midget had such terrifying strength.

"Lele, that wastrel..." Little Ye Tian saw that 2 gold was gone just like that and whispered. It would be worth it though if they could suppress the other party.Then they could have more authority.

ThornyRose, for the first time, forgot that the normally cute and naive Lele was actually their team's main damage dealer. Every boss up till now wouldn't have been possible without him forcefully breaking through the defence. That lowlife also, there was nothing to fuss about his melee, ranged or even magic. He was really omnipotent. A lot of the damage was dealt solely by the two of them. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he was a an iron wall blocking the front.

YellowSprings continued to smile bitterly. He was getting steam-rolled due to their difference in their Strength attributes. He leaned and dodged Lin Le's one handed Rising Slash, and he smashed the hilt of his sword into Lin Le's chest.

"Ahh~ it hurts. I'll kill you..." Lin Le stepped back a few steps from the pain. Looking at the Heavy Strike coming towards him, he continued to retreat. He didn't have enough time to counter with his sword. *I still have my head!* He lowered his head and charged, unexpectedly catching YellowSprings off guard. ThornyRose knew she had no choice but to get involved. She charged over and blocked YellowSprings' Heavy Strike with her shield. With her other hand, she reached out to stop Lin Le's horn. *What kind of strength is this...* She was sent knocking into YellowSprings and they all fell together.

Meanwhile, Ye Cang, CloudDragon, and SpyingBlade were still fighting. Silver flashes, counters, and ferocious dagger images filled the air. Zhang ZhengXiong slowly walked over and roared, directly using a Barbaric Tackle on CloudDragon.

CloudDragon slapped away Ye Cang's Straight Thrust with one hand, then noticed Zhang ZhengXiong cutting into the battle. His two hands moved to block that tank like body. Ye Cang's silver pupils noticed a black shadow coming towards himself. *Brother SpyingBlade, aren't you too vengeful.* He had just used a Straight Thrust which got deflected. Instead, he reached to his waist and pulled out the tonfa to block SpyingBlade's attack, pushing it away. "Brother SpyingBlade... what is the meaning of this?"

"My hand slipped..." SpyingBlade said seriously.

Meanwhile, CloudDragon had just received Zhang ZhengXiong's Barbaric Tackle and was sent flying. His heart shook. *It's Barbaric Tackle! The skill that uses both Strength and Constitution. This guy's constitution is unusually high.* Due to the fact he had negated most of the shock, he didn't receive that much damage. While in the air, he stepped off a wall and launched himself back at Zhang ZhengXiong. Zhang ZhengXiong could only sigh at his body's ability, if only he was a grappler, he would also be able to do things like that. He raised his shield and blocked the furious blow which made his hand feel numb. *Such a violent impact.*

CloudDragon saw that Zhang ZhengXiong hadn't even been pushed back a step, not moving even a centimeter as if he as an immovable mountain! Using the force from his earlier attack, he flipped and landed on the ground. He waved his hand, blocking another one of SpyingBlade's attacks, and turned, performing a roundhouse kick. SpyingBlade couldn't dodge left or right. He backed out of the range of the kick, but his heart sang. He hurried to pull his dagger back and blocked with his blade. Clang~! A silver flash was blocked, Ye Cang raised his white eyebrows and smiled indifferently. "My bad, I stabbed at the wrong person..."

SpyingBlade knocked aside Ye Cang's rapier with his dagger and smiled. *This guy...*

FrozenCloud was already enthralled. This free-for-all was at such a high level. If she was in the fight, even if she dodged one person's attack, she would be instantly killed by another. She knew how fast her team leader's sword was. SpyingBlade had just been blocked by CloudDragon and forced back, but could still block team leader's instant attack. Also, team leader could still change weapons and block SpyingBlade's attack while off balance. As for CloudDragon, he was a role-model for all grapplers. However, none of them made any big moves. It seemed they were still aware that they were on a quest...
