---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 152"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 152: Bone Hand**

"Hey hey! The monsters have heard your commotion and are coming over!" NalanMoon saw skeletons pouring through the passage and said helplessly.

CloudDragon's kick landed on Ye Cang's tonfa, kicking him back. Ye Cang stabbed towards SpyingBlade who was trying to sneak attack him. Zhang ZhengXiong's shield smashed into CloudDragon's metal knuckles. SpyingBlade blocked Ye Cang's thrust with his blade. The free-for-all fight had become Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong vs CloudDragon and SpyingBlade. Finally the four of them separated.

"Stop fighting! We'll never finish the quest at this rate!" ThornyRose had just fallen into a pile. Lele's horn had injured her. YellowSprings and Lin Le ignored this old busybody and continued staring at eachother. One had a naive smile while the other an evil one.

"I'll play with you next time. Really, at a time like this, you still want to play. You have no awareness of the situation..." Lin Le complained as he stuck his sword in the ground causing a black energy to spread around the area which healed his allies and damaging his enemies.

"I'm looking forwards to it..." YellowSprings said. *It was obviously you who acted first!* He sighed, but he knew that this wasn't the time to decide the winner. Now he had one more rival this season. There was nothing more amusing then having more worthy opponents.

ThornyRose saw that everyone had separated. "Shaking Bear, hurry and prepare to intercept. PaleSnow, prepare to cast Flame Burst! We need you to delay them a bit. GreenDew, you prepare too! Little Tian, use your shield's ability and heal everyone up a bit!"

Little Ye Tian raised her shield and healed everyone for 2 health per second as well as giving them an additional 5 defence as well as 10% damage reduction. Although it only lasted 10 seconds, it should be enough to heal up the ones who had been beating eachother up.

ThornyRose felt helpless, she originally wanted to have the damn lowlife cook something before the fight. The double food buff was really useful as it added many attribute points. It was useless to think about it now though, she could bring it up after the battle. Her Charge was on cooldown, so she could only run in. "Lele, hold them back a bit with molotovs!"

Lin Le threw a few refined molotovs and blocked the passage with flames. All the undead continued to charge mindlessly, letting the burning passage damage them.

CloudDragon was like a cheetah. With a running start, he leapt and kicked off a wall, putting himself in the middle of the undead that had passed the wall of flames. On his way in, his knees smashed into the head of a rotting corpse which as emitting cold air. Zhang ZhengXiong's Barbaric Tackle was even more effective. Hearing a shout, CloudDragon stepped out of the way, and saw a scene as if a bowling ball had crashed into a bunch of pins. *Good guy.*

Due to the flames and the withering field both continuing to deal damage, the health of the undead who were rushing over was dropping extremely quickly. The withering field also had another hidden property, which was it weekend the enemies. This along with the fact that one of Zhang ZhengXiong's auras was able to suppress them by lowering their stats and was super effective against undead, helped reduce their burdens. Although the individual weakening effects weren't much, after stacking together, CloudDragon felt like the elites, elite leaders, and the spellcaster mobs had all become much easier. That Paladin's aura also helped by acting as a powerful safeguard.

Boom~!

A huge fireball shot through the passage. CloudDragon watched as it exploded, sending fragments of bones scattering onto the ground, leaving behind a burning mess. He turned and looked back at Ye Cang, feeling rather astonished. *That White Hair's spellpower is actually above BlackIce's. He could fight in melee, ranged, and even cast spells.* He then saw Ye Cang cast a water element healing spell on Zhang ZhengXiong. *He even has a healing skill. That's too diverse. If he doesn't integrate it well together, and just keeps learning skills, he'll never become an elite in anything.*

VastSea, YellowSprings, and everyone else also began their counterattack. YellowSprings smashed through two elites with a single swing. Lin Le pulled his sword out of the ground and chopped. Then he activated a Whirlwind Strike, taking out 8 of them as he spun through the passage. He raised his chin and looked down at YellowSprings. His nostrils flared as he snorted.

Lin Le then arrogantly raised his sword and picked his nose.

Cold sweat dripped down YellowSprings' back. This kind of setting was ideal for Heavy Weapons users. With the enemies all packed together, they were pretty much meat-grinders.But even if he and MadDragon worked together, due to their builds, they wouldn't be able to kill 8 enemies so easily with just 2 skills.

With everyone working together, they very quickly finished off the 30 or so undead. The passage was now filled with flames, and blade scars. Ye Cang conveniently looted a nearby elite leader. "I knew nothing would drop. They obviously aren't wearing much..."

NalanMoon, ThornyRose and the others all shook their heads. *It has nothing to do with that. It's just because of you and your big black hand!*

Ye Cang wanted to try looting another one by he was stared down by ThornyRose, NalanMoon and the others. He understood what they were trying to convey with their eyes. *We already let you loot one which is giving you a lot of face. Don't take an inch and want a mile... Stand aside and go play with some dirt or something...*

Ye Cang rubbed his nose, and began harvesting the corpse he looted. He received a Broken Human Bone as well as a Minor Evil Skull.

ThornyRose inhaled sharply. "If you even think about putting these in the stew, I'll fight you!"

"Ditto..." NalanMoon was also a victim who had suffered from his biochemical experiments. One needed the determination to face death to eat that biochem cooking, but stewing fricken human bones was not something they could accept.

"About that... the system says it can be stewed, but it's main use is for alchemy. If used in alchemy, it'll still be for some medicine that will end up in your mouth anyways. Since you can accept medicines, then my cooking too... Actually, in the art of cooking..." Before Ye Cang could finish, ThornyRose, NalanMoon, FrozenBlood, GreenDew, and even FrozenCloud all roared simultaneously. "Shut up!!"

"Well, it's not like I'm forcing you to eat, you don't have to make such a fuss..." Ye Cang arrived beside Zhang ZhengXiong and complained.

"Umm, bro, using that to make soup is really a bit..." Zhang Zhengxiong pointed out. Ye Cang sighed. "Lele, you probably didn't loot anything either..."

Just as he spoke those words. "Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'White! An unusual equipment came out!"

ThornyRose, Ye Cang and CloudDragon all looked over doubtfully wondering what unusual equipment it was. Ye Cang grabbed the ash colored light gauntlets made of bones and shared the attributes with everyone.

Gauteng's Bone Hand (Superior - Set)

Category: Light Gauntlets

Requirements: 20 Strength, 25 Dexterity, 20 Constitution

+3 Strength

+4 Dexterity

+4 Constitution

+3 Armor Penetration

Set Effect: ??? (Not Yet Activated)

"It's a set item!!" ThornyRose cried out in alarm. It was actually a set item! Perhaps the only one in the beginner village! If they managed to collect the whole set, it could be used for a very long time. A complete set would pretty much be a divine artifact for this stage in the game. Although it wasn't of the highest quality, the best equipment any new player could get was perhaps of Distinguished quality. However, if they completed the set, it would probably be equivalent to wearing a full set of Distinguished quality items. Most importantly, it would have a special set effect! *What to do? If we roll, it will definitely go to Lele. However, if we don't roll, even if I got it, I would have to lose a layer of skin for it. Moreover, it's not guaranteed that the whole set will drop.*
