---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 153"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks: "Brass"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 153: Skeleton, Zombie, Rat, and Treant Soup**

"What do you say?" ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang. If he really wanted it, whether it's rolling or bidding, it would be his.

"If we're bidding, can I pay fully in real money?" Although CloudDragon didn't know the set's effects, but it would be physical, this was almost guaranteed.

"Whether it's bidding or rolling, whoever wins it should also get the rights to the other piece of the set." NalanMoon bluntly brought up this point. Everyone approved of this. If they didn't do this and it got scattered all over the place, the set would be pretty much useless. As for Ye Cang, the set item was only Superior quality. The worst equipment in his group was superior with many even better. He wouldn't even pay it any attention if it wasn't a set item. 

"Then if we bid, it will probably go up to about 200 gold coins or if we allow paying fully in real money, even above 800..." Little Ye Tian smiled secretly. ThornyRose frowned. *This little girl is pushing for a roll. That price she listed might be high, but it's still within the acceptable range for a set item.*

"Let's roll." Ye Cang said indifferently.

CloudDragon nodded. If they could pay fully in real money, it wouldn't be a big deal, but it was still uncertain if any other pieces would drop. From his past experience, set items don't drop often, and the set from the beginner village would only be used temporarily. They couldn't spend too much time gathering it, and this area didn't allow their other guild members to farm it.

NalanMoon also agreed to roll. ThornyRose could only sigh. At least giving it to Lin Le was better than letting CloudDragon or NalanMoon get it. SpyingBlade remained silent, it's pretty much guaranteed to go to Lin Le at this point. *Well, I owe brother PaleSnow a favor anyways for inviting me on these instance quests. I've already received a lot, so it's fine to let them have this set.* "Ok."

"Alright then, let's roll. I'll go first..." Ye Cang indifferent threw his dice and got a 1. CloudDragon stared at it blankly. *That guy is hopeless.* He took a deep breath and threw a 3, then rubbed his nose, embarrassed. This time, it was ThornyRose's turn to stare blankly. *It turns out the rumors are true. CloudDragon's rolls will never surpass 10.* She sighed. "I'll go next."

2... The undeniable results came and slapped her in the face.

CloudDragon snorted at her.

ThornyRose gnashed her teeth while glaring at Ye Cang.

Ye Cang was speechless. *What's she staring at me for...*

Finally, YellowSprings rolled a 99 and sighed in relief. With such a result, it was pretty much guaranteed to be his, or so he thought.

Thornyrose and SpyingBlade looked at YellowSprings and sighed. *That poor guy doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. The monster is about to extinguish his hopes.*

Lin Le exposed a naive smile, began chanting some random incantation, then threw a 100 directly steamrolling everyone. "Mine..."

NalanMoon sighed. *This Lele's luck sure is good. He's not only lucky at looting, he's pretty good at rolling too. He should be one of those dumb but lucky types.*

CloudDragon sighed. Lin Le took the bone gloves and put it away, then continued to loot the other corpses. On the last elite leader, he managed to loot another piece of the set. This one was a bone shoulderguard made of skulls.

Gauteng's Skull Shoulders (Masterwork - Set)

Category: Heavy Shoulders

Requirements: 30 Strength, 25 Constitution

+6 Defence

+6 Strength

+5 Constitution

Skeletal Dash: Perform a powerful shoulder strike to a target. It's power and damage are affected by your attributes. There's a chance to stun, knockback, fear, or confusion.

Set Effect: ???

Masterwork! The elite leader actually dropped a masterwork item!? And it's actually part of the set! How can that Lele be so lucky!? Even CloudDragon's heart was affected.

"Lele, hurry and put it on. Let's see if there's any set effects!" Ye Cang quickly reminded him.

Lin Le nodded and put on the bone hands and skull shoulders. 

A set effect finally appeared.

Gauteng's Greed: +10 Strength, +5 Dexterity, +4% Lifesteal.

"What's the effect?" CLoudDragon asked.

Ye Cang shook his head. Lin Le looked over at CloudDragon and pouted: "Why should I tell you..."

CloudDragon snorted and didn't continue asking. ThornyRose went up and pulled Lin Le to the side. "Tell me..."

Lin Le looked over at Ye Cang. Ye Cang was about to shake his head, but he saw ThornyRose's expression. It was like she was telling him 'You think I won't bite you again?'... so he quickly nodded his head.

ThornyRose didn't say anything after hearing it. It was just the first set effect and it already gave 10 strength, 5 dexterity and 4% lifesteal. Lifesteal was an especially rare property. She only had that one ring they got at the volcano after killing hundreds of bats, and that was only 1% while providing no other stats. Right now, Lele's single attack would deal over 60 damage, and his skills would deal over 100, which was enough to instakill brittle enemies. The set effect right now was pretty good, it could save them some healing time as well as mana and potions.

As for the other 25 elites and 5 elite leaders, they dropped many Superior grade equipments. Everyone at least got one. As for the bones, the zombie fluids and flesh, Ye Cang took it all. His ability to loot the place clean had reached a higher realm...

"That just now was really too hasty. How about everyone heal and buff up a bit." Ye Cang took out his iron pot and the grill for the first time in a while. He hinted at Zhang ZhengXiong, telling him to start the fire.

*Cooking?* CloudDragon raised his eyebrows. *This guy also has a profession? That paladin has the most coveted profession, smithing. We had a few crystals embedded by him back in town. Seeing how much money we spent on it, it's definitely a very profitable profession.* He then looked over. ThornyRose and the others all looked like they had met their worst enemies. His brows furrowed. *Did another boss come!?* He quickly looked left and right, scanning the room, but there was nothing out of the ordinary...

Ye Cang first made a monstrous bird boss and rock lizard king stew. He took out those bones and zombie fluids, planning to secretly add them in, but was noticed by ThornyRose who yelled at him: "You dare!?"

Ye Cang sighed. *Even my innovations are being sealed, this is not good!* Next he made rat and burnt treant bark stew. While everyone was looking away due to the disgusting smell, he secretly swapped the slime gel with zombie fluid while secretly slipping in some bones.

The pot began emitting a sound as if it was an undead which was being attacked by light. CloudDragon had tried the first dish and thought: *That defensive buff is too useful, the taste is pretty good too.* But suddenly he looked over and saw hell inside the other pot. It gave off a disgusting smell that forced it's way inside his nose. His stomach began feeling overwhelmed! *This... he actually used humanoid undead in his cooking!? Such a freak!?*

"F\*\*k! You inhumane bastard! You're insane!!" ThornyRose screamed as she looked at the skull floating inside the pot. It's jaw was moving around, chattering.

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le were afraid. They held each other and shivered in a corner.

Little Ye Tian's face became pale, and her whole body was trembling. She tried to strengthen her resolve as she murmured: "Is this a test to get even closer to father? I... For a better tomorrow! For father! I have to..."

FrozenBlood was holding onto GreenDew who was trying to run away. "Later, when it's time to eat, you have to try it first... Thorns and Roses will never forget your sacrifice..."

Little Ye Tian was like a drowning person grabbing at anything she could reach. She helped FrozenBlood hold down GreenDew. "Let's die together! Big Sister Green!"

"I don't want to! I don't want to!!" GreenDew was already bawling her eyes out.

VastSea and YellowSprings felt their scalps tingle.

"Congratulations. You've created a beginner dark cooking recipe. Received 700 experience. Evaluation: Beginner. Please give it a name."

"Skeletons and Zombies Stewed with Rats and Burnt Treant Bark Pot Pourri."

Skeletons and Zombies Stewed with Rats and Burnt Treant Bark Pot Pourri: If you have the courage to use this, you'll heal 1 health every second. You'll also receive +5 to all stats, +5 damage, +5 defence, +10 dark resistance, +10 poison resistance, and your breath will have a chance to inflict fear on any targets in front of you causing them to run for 1 second. This buff lasts for 3 hours. (If you're a humanoid... Haha~ You definitely don't want to know what this tastes like... Has a small chance of causing instant death).
