---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 154"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 154: CloudDragon's Surprise**

The odor of dead rats was raised to another level. The iron pot emitted a purple mushroom cloud, which slowly became a laughing skull.

BlackIce's face lost all color. One of this season's changes was that you could no longer block taste. "Don't tell me we're supposed to eat this!?"

"Has a chance to inflict fear with your breath... It really is a biological weapon..." FrozenCloud's two eyes were blank as murmured spiritlessly.

"Cough~ Cough~ Since it's all done, and it has such a good effect, let's all eat and finish this place quickly." Ye Cang ignored everyone's faces and courteously invited them all to eat.

"I'll eat your sister!" ThornyRose quickly grabbed the pot and dumped out it's contents into a grate on the ground. She then took out another pot, and put it down, intending to make Ye Cang cook an edible one. Ye Cang sighed and decided to make a fish feast and with a more tame version of the rat and burn treant bark stew as stuffing.

Not long after.

"Congratulations, you've slain a Bone Devouring Sewer Rat, received 50 experience..."

"Congratulations..."

"Congratulations..."

Over 30 system messages arrived. Even CloudDragon was stunned. He looked at the roast fish feast and the rat soup and their terrible stink. *Such amazing cooking. Even though we didn't eat it, a dish actually managed to give the team over 1500 experience. It's about as much as a hidden quest would reward...*  

ThornyRose froze, and then began acting like a good friend and nice teammate. She pulled Ye Cang over and said. "Come~ make it again, I'll try pouring it down another one. Let's see how many we can kill..."

FrozenBlood looked at ThornyRose's wretched, shameless appearance. *That's already not the Rose that I know... Hah~ she's become a maiden in love, of course she would change.* She then quickly took a picture of her withher arms wrapped around Ye Cang and wrote in the description 'The hidden side of the guild leader, a maiden in love. Those who pass this on will have a dream about the Chrysanthemum Emperor...'

Ye Cang speechlessly looked at her. *This woman changes moods faster than someone flipping through Tinder.* He once again made another pot, causing everyone to retreat and hide in the room where the undead were in earlier. Even tens of meters away, the smell was hard to handle. Holding back their urge to vomit, ThornyRose and Ye Cang pinched their noses, brought the pot to another grate and nervously poured the contents down.

"Is that still food? Not even a poison can contaminate an environment so quickly..." CloudDragon asked while pinching his nose.

"Congratulations..."

"Congratulations..."

After 3 pots, they had killed about a hundred Bone Devouring Sewer Rats. They had made one final pot but didn't receive any more messages. They figured that the Sewer Rat population had become extinct. Those two working together was just too cruel.

"Everyone can come back now. Eat one of the fish and let's continue..." ThornyRose shouted.

"Congratulations, you've slain the Bone Devouring Sewer Rat Boss - Balos. Received 1200 experience."

"..." Everyone froze in place as they were walking back to Ye Cang and ThornyRose.

Although it was disgusting, this was really good experience. Ye Cang had already reached level 12, but was still 2nd place as before, just behind FlameEmperor. CloudDragon was number 3 followed by Zhang ZhengXiong who had squeezed into 6th behind NalanPureSoul and MistyVeil. Lin Le was 8th.

"I feel like we should try to find the Sewer Rat's lair as we explore. There's so many bodies, and even a boss. It would be a pretty big harvest..." BlackIce said while pinching her nose. Her mood was both good and bad. That smell was simply too horifying, even after so long, she hadn't been able to get use to it. She had even seen a skeleton walk over, stop, and then flee for it's life...

The smell gradually dissipated. Everyone prepared themselves to eat the fish but was stopped by Ye Cang. "Wait!"

Ye Cang released his nose. "Eat the roast fish feast later. Recently I was by the seaside and had a revelation. I've come up with a completely new way of cooking..."

Ye Cang took back the three fish, roasted them for a bit longer, and returned them to the plate. With a slash, he would cut a thin slice, and then a flick to send it through the flames and onto the plate on the other side. He continued this for all the fish.

"Chinese Slighty Roasted Sashimi..." CloudDragon knew what this was...

3 kinds of fish were rapidly cut up and plated by Ye Cang. He came to the plate and sprinkled some salt, hot chili and some other normal seasonings. Everyone looked at the yummy looking sashimi. That disgusting fish had actually become something appetising after going through that baptism.

"No!!" Zhang ZhengXiong saw that Ye Cang was taking out red slime gel to drizzle on top, and quickly shouted, but it was too late. The originally somewhat delicious looking fish slices began making strange hissing sounds.

Ye Cang spun around. He looked like a god of the kitchen as his left hand took out some green slime gel and drizzled it on top. At the same time, he secretly added a thin line of zombie fluid. It looked like he had added wasabi on top of the fish. What they didn't know won't hurt them, right? But he felt like it still wasn't enough! He then roasted some werewolf and fishman meat and arranged it around the fish. Finally, he crushed some burnt treant bark and scattered it on top. There wasn't any strange smells, but Zhang ZhengXiong knew that this was definitely on the same level as his previous recipe...

"Congratulations. You've created a beginner level special recipe. Receive 600 experience. Evaluation: Beginner Level. Please give it a name."

"Three Fish Battling Fishmen and Werewolves Assorted Sashimi..."

Three Fish Battling Fishmen and Werewolves Assorted Sashimi: Continue to eat to heal 1 health every second and 1 mana every 5 seconds. Also obtain +5 all attributes, +5% stun resistance, +5% will, +5 all resistances, +3 Defence, +5 Damage, and every attack has a chance to trigger vigor mode - increase damage by 5% for 10 seconds. The food buff lasts for 3 hours.

Ye Cang raised his brows. It didn't say that it was dark cooking, so the flavour shouldn't be bad.

"GreenDew, you try it first..." ThornyRose pushed her forwards until she was right in front of the plate.

GreenDew had a bitter expression, but couldn't smell anything off about it. She clenched her teeth, picked up a few slices, stuffed them in her mouth, and direct swallowed it. If drinking wine made your throat burn, then this dish was like that, except with a stink bomb in your stomach.

GreenDew wanted to vomit it out, but couldn't. The stink continued to rush out from inside her... Finally, she passed out due to the shock...

"..." Everyone thought that the guinea pig had died, but CloudDragon discovered that she was just in a state of shock that would only last 1 minute. Of course, eating it was a must. As disgusting as it was, it was still edible. The buff was just too useful. There was even a triggerable effect. 
