---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 155"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 155: Optimal Eating Method**

GreenDew's face was full of suffering. They could feel a chill spread from their heart to their scalp when they looked at it.

BlackIce looked at Ye Cang and the others, and was sure they were drunk...

"Bro, do we have to eat it?" Zhang ZhengXiong whispered in Ye Cang's ear.

"The effects are so good, it would be a pity not to eat it. Want me to feed you...?" Ye Cang's words made Zhang ZhengXiong recalled the past. He used to not like green peppers, so Ye Cang would feed it to him. He quickly shook his head. There were so many people around, and he even had a fight with the Fighting King. He had to keep up his fierce image.

"As the oldest brother, I have to set a good example..." Ye Cang grabbed a bunch and put it in a bowl. Thinking it over, there was a way of eating where you ate while drinking alcohol. He took out some wine and poured it on top. With shaky hands, he brought a slice into his mouth. *It's so tender! Delicious! This is definitely a secret eating method! No! I can't let ThornyRose and the others find out! I need to pretend to be suffering. It must be moving and show that I'm resisting with everything I have.* 

Ye Cang forced an expression of suffering on his face. He discovered that eating the food like this had actually increased its effects. It now gave +6 to all stats, +7 damage, +7 to all resistance, and the trigger effect rose to 8%. 

"Congratulations. You've discovered the optimal way to eat this food. Received 200 experience."

Ye Cang continued acting pained and pretended to see an illusion in the passage. He began stumbling towards the room where everyone had run away to when he was cooking. Step by step, unsteadily. "I can see my youth flashing before my eyes..."

Everyone watched his back as he collapsed somewhere outside of their view...

"..." ThornyRose and the others all broke out in cold sweat. *He made the bed and now he has to lie in it. It serves him right!* They looked at the assortment of food and gulped. *He even drags us down with him!*

Ye Cang secretly sent a message to Zhang ZhengXiong and the others, telling them the method to eat it. He stressed not to let ThornyRose and the others know about it. Finally he finished with: "Let's show them we didn't waste our time watching so much Sisters. It's time to display our acting skills. Showtime!"

Lin Le nodded his head once. FrozenCloud hesitated over whether to tell Sister Rose or not, then shook the thought out of her head. *I can't keep betraying boss. This is the trust team leader puts in me, moreover acting is my specialty...*

Zhang ZhengXiong walked up to the plate and put a few slices into his bowl. "Bro, wait for us on the other side. If we have to die, let's die together!"

"Team Leader, thank you for always taking care of me. We'll come join you now..." FrozenCloud put on an expression full of grief and wiped away the tears gathering in the corner of her eyes. She took a deep breath and grabbed some into her bowl. 

"Mm! For brother Lil'White!" Lin Le said righteously. His eyes shined brightly.

Little Ye Tian also imitated their self sacrificing act.

The four of them all went to the passage where Ye Cang had fallen, and sat in a circle together. 

"Damn, your sister is awesome..." ThornyRose murmured.

FrozenBlood nodded...

"Let's eat..." CloudDragon took the lead to grab a piece and stuffed it into his mouth. He endured the stink and swallowed it. *This flavor! Not good!* He quickly ran to a nearby wall and sat, leaning against it as he went into shock.

"As... Expected... of Fighting King. Even when going into shock, he still pays attention to his image. Look at him sitting as if in meditation..." ThornyRose ate her share and directly fell over. She looked towards CloudDragon with her final bit of consciousness and murmured. Then she passed out.

BlackIce, VastSea, and YellowSprings all watched as CloudDragon, ThornyRose and the others all ate. They sighed, ate their share, and then revealed the white of their eyes as the fell back.

NalanMoon saw that only herself was left. *But, what about SpyingBlade?* She looked around and found him over at the passage. *What's he doing over there?*

"Brother PaleSnow, you're being too cruel to them... If they find out, they'll be really mad..." SpyingBlade said, looking at the five of them secretly giggling at their prank. He then took out his bowl and said: "Pass the antidote..."

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. Antidote... that word was too fitting.

Ye Cang signalled Zhang ZhengXiong who then took out some wine. He then said fiercely: "This is my special wine, unique in Really New Village. Oh right, who else hasn't eaten yet?"

"Only NalanMoon. She's looking over doubtfully." SpyingBlade shrugged.

"Don't let her know. When you eat it, act as if you're suffering..." Ye Cang told him.

SpyingBlade shrugged, then ate the food that had wine added to it. It was really delicious. It had a good and fresh taste. He slowly fell over letting NalanMoon see the side of his face, showing her an extremely pained expression. His two hands held his throat as he lay there. His acting was amazing, no one would ever be able to tell he was faking it. 

FrozenCloud couldn't help but admire his life-like acting. As expected of DarkBlade.

NalanMoon saw that the final living person besides herself had fallen, and sighed. She grabbed some and ate it. An explosion of stink erupted from within her, directly destroying her consciousness and sending her into shock. She lay there frothing from her mouth.

Ye Cang and the others slowly returned to the room. Seeing all the unconscious people, he said indifferently: "Really... they are so weak. Just this sends them into shock... Hah~..."

FrozenCloud rolled her eyes. *You've also passed out plenty of times!*

"Brother Lil'White. The way that girl sleeps is so annoying, I'm going to go kill her. When they wake up, we'll just say it was a monster and she was the unlucky victim..." Lin Le proposed to Ye Cang.

Ye Cang thought it over, and then nodded. "Good plan, go ahead."

Lin Le took out his sword and walked over.

"CloudDragon is also sleeping in such an annoying way. I'm going to go stab him to death. Same excuse as above..." SpyingBlade pulled out his dagger, planning to go over to the unconscious CloudDragon.

*F\*\*k! Seriously!?* FrozenCloud quickly grabbed the two people and stopped them. "Don't mess around, we still have to finish the quest..."

"I'm just kidding..." Lin Le said, glaring at FrozenCloud.

"Me too..." Ye Cang shrugged.

"Same..." SpyingBlade said indifferently.

*It's not funny at all!* FrozenCloud held her forehead with her hand. She felt so stressed.

Ye Cang walked up to ThornyRose, and flipped her over. His hands began pinching her face, mushing it into different shapes. Occasionally scrunching it up, occasionally pulling on her cheeks. Then he smiled indifferently. "Even if I do this, she doesn't wake up. I'll do it a bit harder. Aah, this is fun..."

Everyone broke into cold sweat. If she found out what he was doing, there would be another calamity.

"They're waking up..." SpyingBlade reminded.

Ye Cang quickly retreated and put on a haggard expression. "Madam, you awake?"

"As expected of my bro..." Zhang ZhengXiong broke into cold sweat.

"Brother Lil'White isn't any slower than Sister Rose at changing faces..." Lin Le murmured.

FrozenCloud and Little Ye Tian slowly nodded.

"Get lost! Next time make something edible! My face hurts... earlier..." ThornyRose woke up and her face began to ache. She recalled the food earlier and began heaving, trying to throw it up.

"Everyone's awake, let's continue exploring." CloudDragon got up and brought his group deeper into the tomb. Thanks to the double food buff, their strength had increased by quite a bit. Although that flavor... just thinking up till there made them all frown. It was really too disgusting.

"Although the taste is a disaster, but the buff is really useful. Moreover, you can stack two food buffs. It's a big boost to the team." YellowSprings said. BlackIce and VastSea both agreed. Especially about that disaster like taste...
