---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 156"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: Hey everyone, so apparently I'm now getting too many views on Disqus to use it for free, and my free trial of their paid version has run out. Now that this site is no longer free to run, I've decided to begin accepting donations.

Please follow the link just below this message to learn more.

<a href="{{site.url}}/donation">{{site.url}}/donation</a>

---

**Chapter 156: Exposed**

Exploring deeper into the tomb. The groups of undead became larger and more powerful. However, to Ye Cang and the others, it still wasn't anything difficult. FrozenCloud looked at everyone in the party. They actually had half of the top 10 players in the level rankings, and everyone else was also an expert. Fighting King and DarkBlade's strength don't even need mentioning, and they had Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian who are very strong against undead. Zhang ZhengXiong had that cross that added holy damage to his attacks, which dealt high damage against undead. When there were too many enemies, Little Ye Tian would activate her holy text, dealing a large amount of damage and stunning all enemies in the area. Moreover, if she cast a healing spell on an elite leader, she could both weaken them and deal pretty decent damage over time. Being hit by the holy power, the undead would begin emitting smoke and become weakened.

They also managed to find the third piece of the set in a chest that SpyingBlade found.

Gauteng's Bone Carapace (Masterwork - Set)

Category: Bone Chestplate

Requirements: 35 Strength, 25 Constitution

+7 Strength

+4 Constitution

+8 Defence

+10 Dark Resistance

+10 Corrosion Resistance

+4 Damage

These stats already surpassed what a Masterwork quality item should have. It was about equivalent to a Distinguished item! Moreover, it even had a set effect which only Lin Le knew about.

Gauteng's Physique: +10 Constitution, +5 Strength, +10 Defence, 10% Damage Reduction.

Zhang ZhengXiong was envious. That effect was so suited to himself. 10 Constitution and 5 Strength, would give him 35 more health! Even 10 Defence, and 10% Damage Reduction. ThornyRose looked at the extremely domineering Lin Le with his white chest armor, the bone gauntlets, and especially those huge skulls on his shoulder as well as that large black sword. You could tell at a glance how ferocious he was. She forced a smile. With this passive on top of Lele's originally high stats, his health was now very high. He could pretty much be the 2nd tank.

CloudDragon looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian. This place was paradise for holy classes who had both equipment and skills. That guy's saber would often burst out in flames, injuring the entire crowd. That along with the extra holy damage allowed that tank to deal almost as much damage as that HappyAndCheerful. The team's AOE damage was so high! Exploding fireballs, healing magic, holy classes, heavy weapons users. Enemies that he himself would have to waste quite a bit of energy on, were directly steamrolled by them.

BlackIce was in a sour mood. A knight actually had more Spell Power than her, and even more crowd control than her. He had that powerful fireball that could both stun and knockback. He also had that tidal wave, which she was still a few shells away from getting. With some assistance from the little girl for managing his cooldowns, he could use those two skills to control the battlefield. But that wasn't even the most important. The most important thing was that he was dealing more damage with his spells than her. He could outperform her even while taking some time to cast healing spells. His melee abilities were comparable to their boss. As for his ranged attacks, he was accurate from a long range and his arrows had high penetration. Most of his arrows would pierce straight through their targets. How in the world was this still a knight?

Everyone turned a corner and arrived at a stone bridge. On the other side, the passage continued. Walking onto the bridge, they carefully looked over the two sides, but all they saw was a darkness. Ye Cang could see that at the bottom was an underground river. He calculated a bit and estimated that it was about 5-6 meters wide. "There's a small river at the bottom..."

ThornyRose knew Lin Le could fish. For those with a fishing skill, they could try their luck here. Usually they'll be able to get something. From her experience in the last game, fishing in an instance would usually give something useful, but it would depend on the angler's skill level and luck. "Lele, try fishing..."

CloudDragon was about to urge them to hurry up when he heard her speak. *That midget can fish? Cooking, Fishing, Smithing, all three of them had a profession. There are a few people with professions in the guild, however, none of them picked combat classes, so they couldn't join the explorations. It's a pity I didn't get a profession.* 

"Let's continue exploring. As for the things he fishes up..." Ye Cang said indifferently, explaining his stance on the matter. "Only Lele can fish. Even without us, he can still come back later..."

CloudDragon snorted. *This guy doesn't want to share the spoils. Well, it's not like he's wrong. Their team could fight their way here just relying on the midget and the paladin, just not as quickly.* "Let's go, we'll keep advancing..."

He said, and then turned to walk into the passage on the other side.

"Boss..." BlackIce wanted to say something but held back. *Is it not worth it?*

YellowSpring sighed, feeling that it was a pity.

Lin Le summoned his handcart, and took out his fishing rod. With a swish, he began to fish.

"Why aren't you going..." Ye Cang looked at ThornyRose.

"You bastard, you just want to hog everything! If you get anything, you have to tell me! Got it!?" ThornyRose said fiercely, then went with ShakingBear to the battle ahead. NalanMoon knew that even if they found anything, it had nothing to do with her. In most cases, this kind of secondary loot belonged to the person who obtained it. Of course, it's different in a guild, but that wasn't the case right now. Even CloudDragon didn't say anything, so it was better if she didn't either. Afterall, that money-loving scum was the team leader. She sighed and crossed the bridge with SpyingBlade.

Ye Cang also crossed. They cleaned up the elites, elite leaders, and spellcasters on the other side. As they were resting after the battle, Lin Le got his first bite, but he had already fallen asleep long ago, entering dream fishing mode.

Eventually, Ye Cang once again cooked for everyone, however, the secret got out. It actually came out of Lin Le's mouth while he was sleep talking. When ThornyRose heard it, she began biting away in rage.

Ye Cang screamed while the others looked at him with the eyes of a hunter. BlackIce was so angry, her face was messed up. YellowSprings couldn't even smile. Even the good guy VastSea couldn't help being furious. NalanMoon gnashed her teeth and had the urge to charge up and join Thornyrose to stab him a few times.

Zhang ZhengXiong and the others decisively chose to back away, pretending to have nothing to do with it. They began counting the tiles on the ground. 

CloudDragon felt short of breath. His clenched his fists so hard they trembled. *He has an antidote and didn't share it!? We've already eaten that thing 3 times! We've gone into shock from disgust 3 times!* Along with the rage, he also looked at ThornyRose surprised. When had she become so feral...

"If you were ThornyRose, you'd be like that too after staying with him for so long..." FrozenBlood was also extremely angry, but didn't forget to smear ThornyRose's reputation. She saw CloudDragon's doubt and lightly sighed. "That's what makes it true love..."

CloudDragon nodded, then gave a rare smile. "Uncle has been worrying that she and you were lesbian. Now he can rest easy..."

"Eh...?" FrozenBlood was speechless. *Just how far has that rumor spread? Even her cousin knows about it.* What she didn't know was that her own little sister and parents were worried about the same thing.
