---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 157"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 157: Special Wine**

Lin Le woke up from his fishing and stretched lazily as he walked towards the others. He arrived in front of Ye Cang and saw a face full of teeth marks. "Brother Lil'White, did you make Sister Rose mad again?"

Ye Cang gnashed his teeth as he glared at Lin Le. Lin Le saw that expression and felt like he was going to be eaten alive. *What did I do wrong?*

"Earlier you were sleep talking, and gave away the fact that bro's sashimi becomes delicious with special wine..." Zhang ZhengXiong's words made Lin Le break out in cold sweat. He put on a naive smile. "It wasn't on purpose..."

Smack~! Ye Cang slapped the back of his head. "What you get for having such a loose mouth!"

Lin Le grabbed the back of his head and went over to Zhang ZhengXiong. He pouted, feeling wronged. He then notice BlackIce was looking over, taking pleasure in his misfortune. He pouted even more and glared at her.

*This midget...* BlackIce smiled bitterly and turned away. *Who knows what he would do if I replied to him. He seems to dislike me.*

"Lele..." Little Ye Tian didn't even get to speak before Lele reached out and knocked on her head. "Call me Brother Le!!"

"You!!" Little Ye Tian clenched her teeth.

"I'm your older brother!" Lin Le put his hands on his hip and raised his chin proudly.

Little Ye Tian wouldn't give in this time. "I'm more educated than you!"

"It's no use! You can't beat me in Ludo!" Lin Le said not yielding.

"You!" Little Ye Tian didn't know how to respond. She never even got to touch the dice when playing Ludo with him. It was humiliating! She held back her anger and choked out the words: "Brother Le..."

"Wait till you can beat me in Ludo, then you can call me Lele. Haha~ Hahaha~!" Lin Le said as he pet her head.

*Damn Lele!* Little Ye Tian clenched her fists tightly. *I'll definitely beat you!*

"Hurry and give everyone some of that cooking wine!" ThornyRose held out her bowl of sashimi.

"About that... This is special wine. I spent 7 by 7, 49 days choosing the ingredients. I then spent another 7 by 7, 49 days preparing the ingredients. Another 7 by 7, 49 days letting it ferment before it was completed. It contains many magical effects and precious materials. It's something very difficult to obtain with just money..." Ye Cang began weaving a story.

"The game hasn't even been open for that long!!" NalanMoon roared.

"So?" ThornyRose more or less understood what he was getting at.

"Truth be told, it's not that I don't want to help you remove the stink, but it's simply too rare. The last of the inventory was given to my little team. Hah~ Even though you all have found out, this is something I went through great pains and spent many ingredients to obtain, but I'm willing to sell it at a loss. 2 gold per person per meal..." Ye Cang exposed an unwilling and heart wrenching expression. ThornyRose was so angry her face was all scrunched up. *You dare to charge us!? Calm down, if he really used many ingredients, then his words aren't wrong. But 2 gold every meal is too expensive.* She looked doubtfully at Zhang ZhengXiong, then at FrozenCloud, trying to confirm. 

"I also don't know..." FrozenCloud secretly informed her.

"Damn money grubber. Slave to money! Money loving scum..." NalanMoon clenched her fists tightly.

CloudDragon frowned. His team had 4 people, so one meal would be 8 gold. This would be enough to buy a skillbook. Even without the wine, they could obtain the food buff, however that smell really made one's stomach turn. "1 gold! No more!"

"Deal!" Ye Cang said smoothly completing the transaction and pouring them some of the extremely common wine from the general store. It was pretty much worthless.

CloudDragon handed over 4 gold. With the 'Special Wine' the food became something completely different. It was actually pretty good. That wine really was miraculous. He began to believe that it really contained some treasured ingredients.

ThornyRose's heart ached as she gifted him the money and doubtfully bit into her sashimi. After one bite, it really was good. So tender... She began feeling a mixture of happiness and sadness. In the past, this level of food wouldn't be qualified to exist on her dinner table, but right now, she felt like it was the best thing in the world. The whole time, she had been eating biochemical weapons that could kill monsters... suddenly eating something decent, especially one made by that lowlife, she felt a bit weird as she was not used to it.

"Bro, is it really a special wine?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked.

"They're all just idiots. It's just some normal wine I got from Granny Rica. It didn't cost us anything. We still have a ton of it." Ye Cang smiled indifferently feeling like an elite business man.

"Brother Lil'White, you're so awesome!" Lele quickly flattered him. Ye Cang looked towards him. "This time don't stab me in the back, otherwise I'll take away two months of your allowance. You also won't get any lucky money when newyears comes around. This year's will be a lot too~~"

"No, no! I won't tell, I won't tell!!" Lin Le quickly covered his mouth. His allowance and lucky money was his reason for living!

FrozenCloud hesitated again. If she told Sister Rose, Lele who always believed in her would lose his yearly bonus. She looked at Lin Le, who looked like an innocent child laborer. *My heart can't take this... Sorry Sister Rose, I can't harm him...*

"Later, let's pull a few extra monsters so everyone uses up more health and mana. Then we'll have to eat more. It's too bad we can't charge them for the cooking, after all, father is the party leader." Little Ye Tian began calculating ways to increase their efficiency while also considering how to earn more money from the food.

ThornyRose looked over, still full of doubt. *What are they whispering about? I smell a conspiracy.* When it comes to Ye Cang, she would never trust anything he says.

CloudDragon ate his sashimi while observing his little cousin. He asked her as her elder: "How did you meet PaleSnow? Does uncle know?"

CloudDragon's words made ThornyRose freeze up. *F\*\*k! We're not even close. We've only eaten together a few times. You might be close to my father, but that's got nothing to do with me! You're only a year older than me, why are you acting like my elder.* She recalled how she had met the damn lowlife, and the scene flashed through her head. While besieging a tough boss, her backdoor's virginity, the hidden quest, the disgusting food, her backdoor again, that black hand... Her face flashed between green and red. She snapped out of her thoughts and angrily glared at him. "None of your business!" 

"Her rebellious phase came a bit late..." CloudDragon murmured. FrozenBlood watched from the side. *Fighting King is also a weird guy. ThornyRose said before that he's hard to get along with as he is like a blade, always emitting an aura of danger and arrogance. Moreover, he's very strict with himself. He always eats healthy and follows a strict schedule, but there's no doubt he is a genius. He was one of the 3 kings of the imperial capital's college. He was always number one whether it be in martial arts, sports, or team competitions. Moreover, he's going to take over his family business.*
