---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 158"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 158: Berserk Recovery**

“Team leader, isn’t it bad to scam ThornyRose and the others?” FrozenCloud’s words made Ye Cang’s gaze become sharp. He smiled and said indifferently, “Don’t tell me you’re going to become a traitor? You must know, we have rules on how to deal with traitors. I think you won’t want to know what they are...”

FrozenCloud looked at Ye Cang and the other three all smiling at her meaningfully. She immediately began to feel a chill. She gulped and began to think. *These people with no morals, who knows what outrageous act they might commit against a traitor.* She quickly reassured them, “Of course not, my faith in the team leader is like the sun and moon!!”

“That’s good enough. I’ve also prepared your share of the newyears money. When the time comes, we’ll divide it together. There’s also the money for Korean Beauty, it’s pretty much all prepared. We’ll go when we manage to get a vacation.” Ye Cang pulled her over and said gratefully and with concern.

“We’re pretty good to you, right?” Zhang ZhengXiong nudged her waist and teased her.

“Ahaha~ Ahaha~...” FrozenCloud laughed awkwardly.

(Footnote: That’s right… Lele called her a he… No mistake here.)
“Brother Lil’White, he’s<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> so happy he can only laugh foolishly...” Lin Le happily said.

“Remember to bring a blueprint. I guarantee you that when I grow up, I’ll be a beauty… so you can reference that drawing I gave you. It only has a deviation of 0.001% as long as I don’t eat or drink unreasonably or some other unforeseen circumstances...” Little Ye Tian once again took out the picture she had drawn of her future self and acted righteously as if she had done a good deed.

FrozenCloud didn’t know what to do. *Truth be told, I don’t want to lose these few friends. They are really too good to me. No matter what, they wouldn’t forget about me. Only, I’m an unclean person, a spy sent by Thorns and Roses. So the stories of spies losing their themselves in their acting were true. What should I do? Hah~ let’s just change the subject. What should I say?* She looked towards Lin Le. “Right! Lele, what did you fish up?”

“I almost forgot, good thing Lil’Dino mentioned it. Lele, what is there?” Ye Cang asked.

“I also don’t know. I fell asleep, but the bridge was so cold and gloomy that I didn’t sleep well. Next time, I’ll prepared a blanket...” Lin Le complained.

*Fishing while sleeping again? As expected of a humanoid robot.* Ye Cang looked through the handcart, and found two iron chests. Noticing it, ThornyRose began coming over. “A’Xiong, go stop that woman. Chat with her about whatever, just hurry!”

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, and quickly went to distract ThornyRose who had gone to investigate. “Umm, Sister Rose. You also know my bro is not young anymore. He’s already 21...”

*F\*\*k! You’re courting death! You dare say that 21 isn’t young anymore and is looking for girls in front of me!?* She took a deep breath, holding in her anger. *Anything that comes out of this guy’s mouth all sound bad! Does he think I’m his aunt!? I’m only a few years older!* “I’ll keep it in mind...”

“Umm, her figure must be passable. Her appearance… how should I say it, it would be fine if she was at about Sister Icy’s level. Her temperament should be gentler though. She must be filial. It would be even better if she had a beauty mark, it would make her even more attractive. Also...” The grinding of ThornyRose’s teeth could be heard as she listened to him. *F\*\*k! That’s the kind of girl a playboy like you wants. Did you want to dip your finger in the pie? What do you mean ‘it would be fine if she was at Sister Icy’s level’. She’s one of the top 10 most beautiful girls in the imperial capital! If one didn’t know any better, at first glance, one would think that he was a exceptionally bold and powerful person. They would never expect him to be like this inside.*

ThornyRose leaned and peaked behind Zhang ZhengXiong to see FrozenCloud and Little Ye Tian holding onto Ye Cang. *It really is a chest. This guy is here to stall for time!* “Out of the way! Shaking Bear!”

“I’m being serious. Help me find a proper one. I...” Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t even finish speaking, when he noticed ThornyRose baring her teeth. His heart sank as he quickly covered his face and backed away.

By this time, Zhang ZhengXiong had already completed his mission. Lin Le had already looted the chests. Little Ye Tian and FrozenCloud had successfully prevented Ye Cang from interfering. The equipment was already in Ye Cang’s hands. 

“What did you get?” ThornyRose asked.

“What did I get? Did I get something?” Ye Cang asked back, puzzled.

“Fishing...” ThornyRose clenched her teeth and whispered.

“Oh, that. Just some cooking materials. Zombie fish, Strange Catfish, Stinking Piranha, that kind of thing… Nothing really. Just cooking materials.” Ye Cang said with an indifferent smile.

“You!” ThornyRose reached out her hand, then pulled it back. She came beside him and grabbed his shoulder. “We’re all so close, how could you leave me out when you get benefits. Also… at this distance, you can’t get away...”

“What do you want...” Ye Cang asked, trembling.

“You tell me.” ThornyRose smiled, exposing her canines...

“You can have this necklace, don’t push it...” Ye Cang clenched his teeth and handed over a Masterwork quality defensive necklace that came from one of the chests. 

“This is not bad. Just what did you get? I won’t ask for the rest.” ThornyRose smiled normally after getting what she wanted.

“None of your business. A’Xiong, take this ring.” Ye Cang took out a pitch-black heavy looking ring and gave it to Zhang ZhengXiong. ThornyRose pulled Zhang ZhengXiong over, her smile becoming menacing. “Let me see the stats!”

Heavy Black-Iron Ring (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

+10 Constitution

+7 Defence

4% Damage Reduction

+10 Stun Resistance

+10 Burn Resistance

ThornyRose blinked. *WTF! That ring is top quality!* Although it only increased a single attribute, it gave a whole 10 constitution! Not even counting the 7 defence and the damage reduction, it even had stun resistance. This is a very useful resistance. There’s also burn resistance. This is a pure defensive ring. It was even Distinguished. *Dammit! Damn lowlife! You only gave me a Masterwork Quality necklace.* Aftering thinking it over, it made sense. Shaking Bear, their main tank, would have about 350 health with this ring. Along with his defence, he was really number 1. *Eh, right now no one should even think of attack him. He’s just too hard!*

“Who should have Berserk Recovery...” Ye Cang looked at the skillbook. Giving it to Lele would be fine. A’Xiong was fine too. FrozenCloud wouldn’t be a bad choice either. He couldn’t think of what to do.

ThornyRose looked at the skillbook in his hand and was moved. It was a lifesaving skill! Moreover, it was a super rare one! It’s effects was something that would always be useful, or at the very least it wouldn’t need to be replaced for a very long time! 

Berserk Recovery (Super Rare - Beginner Level): Consume 50% of your rage to instantly restore 35% of your health and enter a berserk state which increases the rate of gaining rage. Lasts for 1 minute. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

“It would be better to give it to Shaking Bear or Lele.” ThornyRose gave her opinion. “Shaking Bear has a lot of health, so he can maximize the effect. As for Lele, it can both heal him and improve his killing power. Didn’t it say it improved rage generation? I feel like rather than more killing power, it would be better to give it to Zhang ZhengXiong...”

Speaking till here, ThornyRose sighed. A super rare tank skill, and she actually gave priority to a priest. Her head started to hurt.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: No mistake here. Lele called her a he. However, in spoken chinese, he and she sound the exact same so no one would be able to tell the difference. Not sure if this was intentional by the author or a mistake.