---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 159"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Brass"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 159: Battle in the Funeral Hall**

"Brother Lil'White, give it to Brother Lil'Xiong." Lin Le directly passed it onto Zhang ZhengXiong. To him, these things didn't really matter. Of course, this didn't count towards awesome looking equipment.

FrozenCloud also had no objects. Even Sister Rose admitted he should have priority. She smiled bitterly. If she ever really fought against Shaking Bear, how would she ever kill him? He wasn't only stupid hard, he even had a massive 350 health pool, he could restore his own health, his weapon was Distinguished Quality, his shield was also Distinguished Quality, and he wore a whole set of top quality equipment. She couldn't imagine anyone else at this stage in the game with equipment as good as his. That slime ring was simply op, it had two instant cast control skills that dealt quite a bit of damage.

"There's also a Masterwork breastplate. Lil'Dino, you take it." Ye Cang handed the breastplate to FrozenCloud, letting her upgrade her equipment.

...

Everyone wiped out the the halls filled with skeleton but still hadn't discovered a boss. Finally, they discovered a ladder leading downwards. There was still a 2nd floor? They all went down.

On the 2nd floor, there was a new monster that made things difficult for CloudDragon and the others. Specters. Attributeless physical damage would deal very little damage against him, but to Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian, it was just gifting them free experience. To them, these were much easier to kill than skeletons. Zhang ZhengXiong could pretty much kill one in two swings with the help of his cross bracelet. As for Little Ye Tian's healing spells, it would directly disperse them...

CloudDragon looked at the two of them dealing with these ghosts as if they were playing around. If his own team were to face these specters, they could only depend on BlackIce's magic and it would have been a strenuous effort. Sure enough, holy classes were much better than other classes in a tomb full of undead.

After casting Flame Blade on his mithril rapier, Ye Cang could also kill countless specters at once. As for the skeletons, it would be fine to leave them to CloudDragon, ThornyRose, and the other physical damage classes. They cleaned up everything in their path. The 2nd floor turned out to be much smaller than the 1st floor. After only 1 food break, they arrived at a funeral hall. There were sarcophaguses in every direction. They counted at least 10 of them. Not far away, there was one sarcophagus that was different from the rest.

"Prepare for battle!" ThornyRose was very familiar with scenes like this. When the time came, the door behind them suddenly closed.

The sarcophaguses all opened simultaneously. One after the other, corpses that were different from the elites they had seen so far stood up. There was even one wearing a guard uniform and one in an old leather robe that was breaking down. As for the one in the middle who seemed to be their leader, he wore the armor of a cavalryman. In his hand was a longsword and where his head should be was only a helmet. From in the empty helmet, a pair of spirit like lights lit up.

Ye Cang identified them. To the left of the leader was the one dressed up as a guard; he was called Mullen. The one on the right in the leather robe was Guy. As for the center... What? He wasn't Mar's father. He was called Radzwei Sayle. The description explained that he was the mayor before Mar's father, a man who once travelled the lands as a horseman. "There's three bosses!" 

"The robed one is definitely a spellcaster. FrozenCloud, you're fast, you'll pin him down. Shaking Bear, me and you will take on the boss. VastSea, that guard will be left to you. Ranged classes, prioritize the spellcaster and then the guard. Melee, take care of the other elites. Lele, use your full strength. The faster you can kill them, the better! Leave your homerun attack, don't hold back on using the rest. Little Tian, you can decide on your own priorities. We'll take the boss down last! Go!" ThornyRose commanded. Three bosses would be troublesome. Especially with so many strengthened elites around. They definitely couldn't let them take the first move in order to stop the battlefield from becoming too chaotic. She directly charged towards the horseman that came out of the main sarcophagus. Sayle easily deflected an incoming attack, and punched back with an armored fist. "The living have come... Come join us in eternal slumber."

Clang~! ThornyRose blocked it with her shield, and was pushed back two steps. This boss had so much strength! He was also fast. It seems like Shaking Bear would have to be the one to hold him back. As both a tank and a holy class, it was much easier for him to control this boss. "Shaking Bear, what are you still standing around for!"

Zhang ZhengXiong roared. He raised his shield and used Barbaric Tackle. Sayle held his sword in his two hands and slashed without dodging. The sword and shield clashed, making a ferocious sound. The two of them were locked in a standstill, neither one of them giving any ground! The sword was unable to advance even an inch. Zhang ZhengXiong's shield and Barbaric Charge was also unable to push even a step forwards.

FrozenCloud saw that Guy was about to complete a fire element spell! *What do I do? There's still some distance until I reach him! I won't make it!*

Ye Cang held out an empty hand and grabbed at the air, Steal Spell! The original flame spell that the undead mage was about it use was now in Ye Cang's hand. It was suddenly thrown back. The two flames in Guy's skull flickered in astonishment, he quickly chanted for a second and a shield of ice appeared, blocking the ball of fire. However, the ice shield was smashed into slush and a bit of damage managed to get through. "It's unexpexctedly a magic stealing technique..."

BlackIce's heart sank. He actually had such a skill hidden? Steal Spell. Originally, she already stood no chance against him, but now that he had this, if he used it well, she would actually be a detriment to her party.

FrozenCloud sighed in relief. She quickly charged up and struck with her knee. On the other side, VastSea had also began his assault on the guard, Mullen. Both BlackIce and GreenDew were finished casting magic missile and were about to shoot them to help FrozenCloud take down Guy. Little Ye Tian saw a flash of purple in guy's eyes. *It should be arcane magic. This sort of mage type boss, in this sort of circumstance, will all have an instant cast movement or knockback spell. Which one is it? It's an instant movement spell! He must have noticed our spellcasters, he's coming!* Little Ye Tian used her powerful calculating ability, calculated their positions in an instant, and found the spots where he was most likely to teleport to. Choosing the spot with the highest probability, she called out: "Sister Green, Aunty BlackIce, in the 4 o'clock direction! Magic Missile!"

GreenDew didn't understand what she meant. BlackIce raged inwardly at being called aunty while thinking: *This girl isn't simple. She was able to tell the boss was going to teleport, but just how did she determine his position? It should be practically impossible. I have a talent that allows me to delay completed spells, so I can wait for him to appear, but GreenDew doesn't. Delay Spell is a must have for spellcasters.*

GreenDew suddenly changed the direction of her magic missiles from towards Guy to where Little Ye Tian had directed her. The moment the missiles shot out, Guy suddenly appeared right in their path and suffered their assault. BlackIce's magic missiles followed closely behind. The boss was assaulted by two casts of Magic Missile. Even Ye Cang's Flame Burst came flying in, exploding on him and sending him flying. BlackIce saw the Flame Burst's might, and sighed once again. Everytime she saw it, she couldn't help but sigh. That Flame Burst spell was so strong, and it's range was huge.
