---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 161"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 161: Sayle

The guard boss was also slain in midair.

All that was left was Sayle who was being kept busy by Zhang ZhengXiong and ThornyRose who was attacking every opportunity she got. Since the start of the fight, they actually hadn't lost any members, however Sayle's build became one size larger. It seemed like killing the others had strengthened him. ThornyRose was a bit annoyed. Every time they had killed another boss or elite, this boss had become another step stronger. If it wasn't for Shaking Bear, no one would be able to take it on directly. Even its speed had increased. She quickly raised he shield to block an attack, and was pushed back a few steps. She had to perform a roll to avoid the incoming kick. Her longsword stabbed forwards but was deflected by the boss's left hand. Zhang ZhengXiong's saber was blocked by it's jagged looking sword. In order to last up until now, he had even already used up the ring's abilities! Berserk Recovery had been used too. He was too busy to even look around. *Bro! Whoever else! Hurry! I can't take anymore!! This thing's increasing in strength too quickly! I can't handle it even with this body full of top equipment.*

As Ye Cang fired, he checked the automatic reload progress of his heavy crossbow. Although it was faster to reload by hand, but losing that time where he could be attacking was not worth it. A flame appeared in his hand as he finished preparing a flameburst.

BlackIce and GreenDew also continued to bombard him. However, this Sayle had too much health and even reduced their damage by at least 45%. Spells that would normally deal 50 damage barely even tickled. It was the same for the melee damage as they had difficulty breaking through his defence. It wasn't only his attack power that grew when his minions died. This was all while it was weakened by Little Ye Tian's healing spells.

While everyone was besieging him, they had to be extra careful. Out of all the melee present, the ones having the easiest time were CloudDragon and SpyingBlade. It was like they were just sparring. They smoothly alternated between attacking and retreating or defending. It was like they were constantly gambling with their lives. FrozenCloud sighed, there's no way she'd be able to react as quickly as CloudDragon. This was the gap between herself and a god class superstar. He's really worthy of being the fighting king.

However, the biggest contribution was still from Lin Le and his molotov. He had kept the boss ablaze the entire time, dealing a significant amount of damage. Moreover, his attacks dealt the most damage out of their group. YellowSprings could only smile bitterly at the guy using only brute force.

Flame Burst once again exploded on the burning Sayle, inflicting heavy damage, but not inflicting any status effects. He continued swinging his sword furiously as lively and strong as a tiger or dragon. Zhang ZhengXiong, ThornyRose, VastSea as well as FrozenCloud who was now in defensive stance, took turns to block his attacks. While it wasn't his turn, Zhang ZhengXiong would heal the others or drink a health potion.

Sayle waved his longsword, suddenly creating a strong gale. CloudDragon was in range and was merely hit by the blade wind, but it dealt him a whole 10 damage. "His attacks have an AOE effect!!"

FrozenCloud felt helpless. She didn't dare go up to attack because it would be no use. She would be directly crushed. Her Qi was still in the middle of recovering.

CloudDragon felt gloomy. It's the next phase of the boss! Now, the only one who could break through his defence now was Lele. Heavy weapons users were fading out of PVP. Their movements were too sluggish, so they had trouble keeping up with the high paced battles. However, against big bosses, especially these thick skinned bosses, their strength was something they couldn't do without. Angelite was an exception. In the history of PVP gaming, there were very few well known heavy weapon's users, however each of them were terrifying. The Chrysanthemum Emperor was one of them. Using the oversized blade - The Glorious Tyrant Halbert and the heavy shield - Perfect Guardian Shield, he could be considered in the list. As for how this was related to him, anyone who could be his match could enter the list. X City's most handsome man multiple years in a row, the one who holds the position of most awesome person in XingYun college's hall of fame, the founder of the college's, the barely 12 year old, the only one in china who was qualified to call himself the God of War, he who blew everything away in one blow and crushed an entire generation of geniuses, the founder of one of the world's largest competitions that only the best in the world could join. CloudDragon looked towards ThornyRose and his lips rose into a smile. She still wasn't qualified to enter the Chrysanthemum Cup. There was only 1 rule, Win! It was a chaotic battle-royal!

CloudDragon charged in and performed an elbow strike. He dodged an attack then struck at the chin, underarm, lower-body. He attacked as smoothly as cloud and water and as violently as a storm, never stopping his movements. He looked like he was berserk and staking his life, however, no attacks even touched his sleeve. Sword fingers and palm strikes, going from soft to hard. Like a specter, taking advantage of all 360 degrees of space, he performed a devastating kick. While in the air, he stamped down ferociously. Ye Cang smiled while waiting for his cooldowns to end. "As ferocious as thunder and calm as still water..."

The corner of Ye Cang's lips rose even more. Flame Blade! Dashing Straight Thrust! He brushed past SpyingBlade and stabbed through Sayle's head. Straight Thrust! Multiple Straight Thrust! It all happened in an instant, dealing a considerable amount of damage. Taking advantage of the time he couldn't move after a skill, he created a water clone, then activated his shoe's speed boost and moved behind the boss. At this time, Sayle's sword cut the clone in half, but was not greeted by the expected blood and gore. Instead, he was hit by an explosion of water, which unfortunately put out the fire on his body.

Ye Cang sheathed his sword and pulled out the heavy crossbow that was finished reloading, pointed it at it's head, and fired! He pulled the trigger and the bolt ran straight through his skull, dealing devastating damage. He put the crossbow away, and retreated a few steps. He pulled out his bow with one hand, and an arrow out with the other, all while chanting a spell. 

If CloudDragon was skillful and ferocious, then Ye Cang's was fast and precise! Fast! Pure speed. It didn't even take a few seconds for him to go from shooting his crossbow back to ranged attacks. The period of time while he was retreated could make one gasp in amazement. 

Zhang ZhengXiong and ThornyRose once again engaged the boss that was missing half it's head...

Black energy start to surge from Sayle's body. The flames in his head turned cold. Howls sounded from the gaps in the stone wall, and elite specters began pouring out.

"Little Tian! Be ready!" ThornyRose shouted. "Shaking Bear, also prepare to use your holy text when you have the chance! Spellcasters, use area attacks on the specters! Physical Attackers, take out the boss!"

Little Ye Tian had already had a hand ready on her holy text the moment the specters appeared, waiting for the best chance to use it.

CloudDragon continued attack and dodging, but his heart was worried. *So many specters. If we didn't have a good priest class, this boss would be much harder.*
