---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 162"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 162: Mourning Hall Finale**

Little Ye Tian raised her shield and activated the defence and healing field. All the specters charged towards everyone while wailing. The hand little Ye Tian used to hold her holy text opened it. A faint white light spilled out and spread like a wave. When it passed through the specters, it dealt heavy damage and both weakened and stunned them. Even Sayle, who was an undead, received quite a bit of damage.

CloudDragon raised his eyebrows. A spellcasting focused priest was the most common support class, as well as the most dependable. They could deal very dependable damage against evil races. Her spells were also especially useful, and her grasp of timing as well as her calculation ability was one of the best he had seen. A good support could raise the teams power to another level.

Everyone went all out against Sayle. The two mages along with Ye Cang began to meticulously wipe out the specters. Magic Missiles, Tidal Waves, Flame Bursts, and Fireballs flew around the room. GreenDew cast Earth Spikes at Sayle just as he was about to attack FrozenBlood. A few spikes shot out of the ground and knocked him into the air. The knock-up acted like a mini stun!

CloudDragon thought to himself *Goodjob!* then began to attack. Double Strike! Triple Strike! Rising Dragon Kick! FrozenCloud coordinated to support him. Qi, activate! Wolverine Strike! Counter! Shouryuukenn! Lin Le shook his head and charged into Sayle, horn first. He got back up and activated Berserk! Angry little bull mode activate! Whirlwind Strike! Rising Slash!

ThornyRose swung her sword, Double Strike! Heavy Strike! Shield Smash! SpyingBlade, NalanMoon, FrozenBlood, and YellowSprings also took the opportunity to unload. They attacked with all their strength towards the airborne boss! FrozenBlood activated her accessory. Although it wouldn't deal much damage against undead, but it was still some more damage, and this was a rare opportunity to attack the boss. That longswords swings were just too wide, and now it had an added wind aoe effect. It's damage was also extraordinarily high!

The longer this fight dragged on, the the more unfavorable it would be for them. The specters that hadn't been killed began harassing the party. Even if they had Little Ye Tian, the specters continued to burst forth from behind the walls. Little Ye Tian's skills had all been used up. Even the attack skill on her staff had been used to hold back the specters, but they still managed to approach Sayle. They could only watch as Sayle grabbed on of them and ate it, restoring some of the damage he had received.

"Really damn annoying. He healed so much, we can't let him eat anymore! Shaking Bear, you should also go kill the specters!!" ThornyRose shouted.

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, left the frontlines, and charged right into a group of specters. He was like a tiger amongst a flock of sheep. He red saber danced and spouted raging holy flames. It took no more than 2 swings for a single kill!

Sayle shouted out in a hoarse voice. The dark gloomy aura expanded. Everyone had no choice but to retreat due to the dark damage it was dealing. They had lost quite a bit of health from getting caught in it.

Sayle raised his sword and began emitting a blue light. The sword was raised above his head, and the blue light continued to emit from his body. ThornyRose's heart sank. *Not good! We need to break this move otherwise we're screwed!* "Lele, interrupt him! Homerun attack!!"

Lin Le once again took out two gold coins and sacrificed them. He twirled his sword, sheathing it on his back. Then summoned the iron like handcart, grabbed it with two hands, and quickly leapt over. "Lele Homerun!"

Sayle had no choice but to pull his sword back and block. Against the iron handcart that was 50% bigger than the last one, he was still sent flying. BlackIce watched speechless as the boss flew towards her. *Why is he so damn fast! How do I dodge!* She quickly turned and leapt away, but was still a step too slow. The energy that Sayle was gathering exploded. BlackIce could only helplessly get hit, being the only one to suffer this explosion. Even though it was interrupted part way, the attack had still blown away her body from her hands to her neck, leaving only a big hole. It was an exceptionally bloody and gory scene. She slowly turned into white light as she was sent back to town. As she was disappearing, she looked towards Lin Le but couldn't finish speaking before disappearing. "You... You... I'll f\*\*king..."

"Rest in peace. Your sacrifice won't be in vain... This boss is too cruel! He actually dares to kill one of our teammates!! We can't let him get away with this! Take him down! For that whoever that died! We must take revenge!!" Lin Le saw BlackIce's miserable condition, and clenched his fists tightly. His whole body trembled as he roared in rage.

ThornyRose, VastSea, YellowSprings and NalanMoon looked at his rage that was not at all fake. *Avenge who! She died because of you!!*

CloudDragon was more lamenting the strength of Lin Le's Handcart Homerun. His hands itched to raise up his own powerful heavy weapons user, however this guy wasn't as simple as just being a heavy weapons fighter. To be able to attack with a handcart, it should be a special class restricted item. *This midget has a hidden class! He thought back to the experts with hidden classes on the top 10 rankings who had their names hidden. Back when he crushed those gold coins, it should be in exchange for strength. He should be that ???? Armed Merchant. As for the ranger, it was obviously PaleSnow. Why is that HeavenShakingMight not in the rankings? It doesn't make sense.* Not even CloudDragon would think that he was a priest...

"Hurry up! Don't let the fight drag on! Finish off the boss! He's weakened and stunned!" ThornyRose looked at Sayle who was sliding down the wall, the flames in his eyes were flickering. She shouted to the others and then charged! Her longsword stabbed at his head. Ye Cang also joined in melee. He became a silver flash and entered the encirclement, finishing the weakened boss off.

"Congratulation! You've slain the corrupted undead - Sayle. Received 1700 experience."

Everyone watched as the surrounding specters all faded into dust and smoke, giving them another 1000 experience. The moment they saw the message, the anti-cursed hand team leader ThornyRose brought along members Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud to quickly and skillfully restrain Ye Cang.

"Why not let him loot?" CloudDragon looked doubtfully at ThornyRose and Ye Cang who were grappling on the floor. VastSea and YellowSprings also wanted to ask. 

"He's too unlucky. You might not believe me, but you don't want to find out..." NalanMoon sighed. She went to the side to sit and relax, waiting for distribution.

Meanwhile, Lin Le went up to the spot where BlackIce had died, and began to pray. "Now you can pass on in peace... GreenHue..."

"God Damn! I'm right here! I'm not the one who died! Also! I'm called GreenDew!!" GreenDew's chest tightened and she roared.

Lin Le blinked and looked at GreenDew. He looked like he saw something familiar and murmured: "Really...?"

He immediately shrugged and pouted. "Whatever, I'm going to go loot the corpses."
