---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 164"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 164: 4 Piece Set Effect**

"The shoes are part of the Gauteng set. I'll give it directly to Lele. No problem, right?" Ye Cang looked at everyone calmly. 

YellowSprings and the others were amazed. Just how high was the drop-rate for this set? This was already the fourth piece. It's even a distinguished quality piece...

Gauteng's Bone Claws (Distinguished - Set)

Category: Bone Boots

Requirements: 30 Strength, 25 Constitution

+6 Defence

+7 Strength

+6 Constitution

+8% Movement Speed

Spirit Walk: Turn into a transparent image that can't be touched by physical attacks or obstacles and charge towards the target. Deal 25 dark damage upon collision and another 15 dark damage with your next attack. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Such good boots! When Ye Cang first saw them, he was also moved. If he had them, he could charge straight to the boss's body! There would be no way for that crazy old lady and the others to stop him!! Sadly, Lele needed the set pieces so he held back.

As for the third set effect, Ye Cang took a look.

Gauteng's Contamination (Aura - Activate/Deactivate): Deal 1 dark damage a second to enemies within an 8 meter radius and decrease their defence by 15%. Heal for 35% of damage dealt.

ThornyRose also came over to take a peek. This aura! If Lele was ever up against tens of melee enemies, he would be able to take them all on by himself. If for example there was 30 enemies, and each enemy took 1 damage, it added up to 30 damage. 35% of that was 11 health restored every second. If you then added on his swords wilting aura, the strongest multi-target tank was born. This set's effects, it was as if Lele was wearing 2-3 more items than everyone else. Now he even had an aura. This might not even be the final set effect. No one knows how many pieces were in this set. This was already the 4th piece. If nothing unexpected happened, the final boss would probably drop one too. They now had hands, chest, boots, and shoulders. What was left was pants, helmet or maybe a weapon. As expected of a super lucky guy, things were going so well for him...

Everyone looked towards Lin Le who was now emitting what appeared to be black souls. Such a showy effect. The third set effect has appeared! As for what it was, CloudDragon and the others were curious.

"This sword, what do you say?" Ye Cang changed the subject and brought out a jagged looking sword exactly like the one Sayle was using. It was simply a size smaller.

Sayle's Personal Sword (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Heavy Sword

Requirements: One hand (51 Strength, 32 Constitution) / Two handed (37 Strength, 25 Constitution)

Damage: 17 - 21 / 21 - 23

Additional Dark Damage: 5 - 8

+8 Strength

+5 Constitution

Sayle's Shadow Strike: The next melee attack deals an additional 35 points of dark damage. It will then explode and deal 25 dark damage to creatures in range. There is a chance to cause stun or knockdown. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

This sword was obviously better as a one-handed weapon, but it was still alright to use with two hands. The sword that YellowSprings had bought from Ye Cang didn't surpass 20 damage. This new one, even if only one handed, still went up to 21. Lin Le currently didn't need it. His current weapon had an upper bound of 24. 

"Lele doesn't need it. Me, YellowSprings, Shaking Bear and VastSea can roll for it. Assassins can also roll if they can use it." ThornyRose said and then rolled. In the end, it was taken away by VastSea. CloudDragon nodded. VastSea's weapon was merely Superior grade. Now he had directly skipped a grade, getting a Distinguished quality weapon. As for VastSea's true strength, CloudDragon knew it well. He didn't really stand out, but he was very steady and made very few mistakes. Different from ThornyRose who was better in PVP, VastSea was an all-rounder. He was one of China's best no matter if it was PVP, tanking for a group, or providing support. With this weapon, his strength would absolutely soar.

ThornyRose who had played in the professional scene, knew how annoying it was to face this well behaved man. It was impossible to get under his skin, and he was too consistent. She'd never seen him mess up. It made it difficult to find any openings. He had first appeared in the Ever-Green Competition when he was 18 years old. He was originally in the freedom alliance's club and was trained up there. He then accepted an invitation from Flame Dragon Union, then went back to the Freedom Alliance. He had already been around the virtual world for over 10 years, and had achieved many accomplishments. He was someone who any club would rush to recruit. Number 3 of China's top 5 tanks. The Cliff - VastSea. Last season, he had helped CloudDragon to defeat the FlameEmperor. Although there was a lot to dispute about that fight, but however it happened, defeating the FlameEmperor was a huge honor. It had cemented his place in China's top tank rankings. In that particular battle, one of the Flame Dragon Union's members had made a mistake, leading to their entire team's extermination. FlameEmperor had taken on 6 members of the opposing team by himself, and had even ended up killing 4 of them. After a thrilling fight, he had ended up falling to CloudDragon. It was his first defeat. Thinking of her own club... Hah~ She had met the people from the League of Tyrants, and had to go home. The only good thing was that BornFlirty, that b\*\*\*h, had run into LordAsked and those other abnormal people in the first round...

Thinking of this made ThornyRose want to invite Ye Cang and the others to her club. Her club still had a few unused characters, and she could use some more substitute players. Although the damn lowlife's personality had to be considered, it was still something far away. She decided to wait and see, afterall, the professional club competittions were different from the game. It wasn't something that could be decided by luck...

Ye Cang then took out a Distinguished Mage's Tome. Their team only had Ye Cang, GreenDew and the still rushing back BlackIce who could use it. Little Ye Tian could too, but it would be a waste to give up her shield for an offensive focused tome. They were already low on supporting skills. It was ultimately given to BlackIce who was rushing back in rage.

Receiving a Distinguished Quality Tome, she felt much better. It gave high Intelligence, Spell Power, and even had an AOE cold/wind spell. She clenched her teeth and looked towards the foolish looking Lin Le. "You did it on purpose, right...?"

"It was just you standing in the wrong place. I even convinced everyone to take revenge for you, yet you still hate me..." Lin Le replied, feeling wronged. He then readied his hand on his sword.

BlackIce wanted to cry but had no tears. She felt like a scholar trying to reason with a soldier.

ThornyRose was speechless. Were they going to fight again? She sighed. "Lele, don't cause trouble. BlackIce, he didn't do it on purpose. In the end, we managed to kill the boss..."

VastSea grabbed BlackIce who was staring furiously at Lin Le, and began to console her. Seeing Lin Le make a face at them, she clenched her teeth so hard they could shatter at any moment. YellowSprings just stood on the side smiling bitterly... *That Lele...*
