---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 167"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 167: Ains Mar**

Everyone advanced as they looted corpses, and finally arrived at hole in the wall. Inside it was a 5 meter long, sinister looking rat corpse. This should be the poor boss who died without being able to do anything. It's two eyes still showed it's dismay and unwillingness...

SpyingBlade heard the sound of ThornyRose holding back Ye Cang, and sighed. He reached out his two hands and closed the boss's eyes. "Rest in peace..."

Lin Le came up and began looting the corpse. "There's a distinguished quality leather armor and and Masterwork quality leather pants."

ThornyRose took them and showed everyone the stats.

Balos's Protectors (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Leather Armor

Requirements: 35 Dexterity, 25 Constitution

+4 Defence

+7 Dexterity

+5 Constitution

+7 Reflex

+10 Dark Resistance

+10 Poison Resistance

All the assassins were moved. High dexterity equipment! It even had Reflex and Resistances. The attributes were also top quality.

"You assassins roll." ThornyRose looked at FrozenBlood, SpyingBlade and NalanMoon, and said.

"About that, I can use it too..." Ye Cang pointed out. Dexterity was one of the ranger's main attributes. A normal ranger would also usually wear leather armor. However, this one here was wearing a big mashup of different equipment. Heavy shoulders with a feather coat. He also had leather...

"Just what do you consider yourself as?" ThornyRose asked earnestly. Mage equipment, Assassin equipment, Fighter equipment, he wanted them all!

"In melee I'm fast! In range I shoot! My magic blasts, the heck out of you! I'm an omnipotent ranger!!" Ye Cang swished his white hair and said proudly.

"Get lost!" GreenDew, FrozenBlood, ThornyRose, and NalanMoon all shouted.

"How about you wait for the next one. Let the assassins have this one..." ThornyRose said, giving him a nasty look. This guy was really a skilled dumbass. His feather coat was already good, yet he competes with the Assassins who all need to urgently change their equipment. "You can take the pants and change out of your boy scout shorts!"

Ye Cang sighed and put on the Masterwork pants. It was better than getting nothing. It gave 5 Dexterity and also had resistances, so it was considered pretty decent. It was much better than his own.

ThornyRose looked and saw that the new pants were also boy scout shorts and felt a bit speechless. Only the color was a bit darker than the last one. 

The light leather armor went to FrozenBlood who rolled the highest.

Everyone looked around one more time, and sighed at the biochemical weapon's might. It had thoroughly cleared out the entire sewer...

Returning to the previous floor, they went down a new path. They could tell that the skeletons and zombies were becoming both stronger and more numerous. They would have to stop to heal up after just 3 waves. Then it went to the point they needed healing before even one wave was taken care of. The difficulty was rising that fast. This was even with the help of Lin Le, that super multi-target tank, and two holy classes. Those skeletons that would throw fireballs and ice arrows at them were just too annoying. The Assassins were mainly just hunting these down.

They went deeper into into the 2nd floor and arrived at a stone door. Ye Cang signalled that he would go in to look around first and slowly opened the door, trying his best to not make a sound. Upon opening the door, they could immediately see that it was a stone staircase leading downwards. The bottom had a large open area, filled with empty sarcophaguses. The room was filled with the strengthened undead they had been fighting on the way here which were all worshipping something. Their target of worship was the mantled skeleton standing by the main sarcophagus. He held something that was probably a longsword. It's blade was 130cm long but it's hilt was almost half a meter. The pommel made it look like a magic staff as it was embedded with a crystal which gave off a blue glow. The reason he were sure he was a skeleton was because Ye Cang had seen his bony hand... He tried identifying him.

Mar, Ains (Boss - Undead): Past mayor of Really New Village, ????.

The old mar sensed something and raised his head. Ye Cang quickly climbed back up the stairs and through the door where everyone was waiting for the information. "The mayor's father is inside. There are also many strengthened undead. They're probably even stronger than the ones we've fought so far."

"Is the Boss a spellcaster or a fighter, or perhaps something else?" CloudDragon asked.

"I don't know. It might be a combination of both fighter and spellcaster. It sword looks like both a sword and a staff..." Ye Cang explained.

"A swordstaff. Something Warmages and Magic Swordsmen use..." BlackIce slowly said.

"Mm, I'm afraid this boss won't be easy..." NalanMoon knew how annoying Magic Swordsmen bosses were.

CloudDragon also furrowed his brows. A magic swordsman boss... In the professional scene, there were quite a few magic swordsmen, but they weren't a class that could become the best. They simply had more ways to attack. However, a magic swordsman boss was another story. He thought back to the magic swordsman type bosses he'd met in the past. All of them were troublesome. This was the type of boss the big guilds hated running into the most along with heavy weapon's type bosses. These were almost always the final bosses in an area. They usually had some divine weapon or liked to target spellcasters or would constantly summon minions. There were also some that transformed or some that would revive after they died, forcing you to kill them 2 or 3 time! It was common to wipe out when seeing their special power for the first time. With a sigh, he looked at FrozenCloud and said: "Let's just kill him as fast as possible. I'll tank the boss. FrozenCloud, lend me your martial arts clothing and power bracelets for a bit..."

FrozenCloud hesitated. It's true that this boss was important. CloudDragon was, by far, better than herself. She wasn't so arrogant that she could refute that, so she took off her martial arts outfit and bracelet and handed them over. Ye Cang blinked. *They're already so fierce when FrozenCloud uses them. If that guy were to use it, I'm afraid my 4/10 chance of winning would become merely 1/10.*

To CloudDragon, every little upgrade would become very obvious. This was the reason why ThornyRose kept saying that this stage of the game was just a transition. It's because those abnormal players and their terrifying speed of improvement. These professional players could make gaining a few attribute points seems as if they had multiple times as much. CloudDragon was one such player.

"Then the boss will be tanked by Shaking Bear, CloudDragon, Me, and VastSea. Everyone focus on killing the boss. Lele, you'll be in charge of the minions. Little Ye Tian, keep an eye on Lele because it'll be up to you two to keep them all busy. Lowlife, do you think you can help Lele quickly kill those minions? Your killing speed shouldn't be any slower than his..." No one had any objection to ThornyRose's plan.

Ye Cang thought it over. Skills like Flame Burst might accidently injure Lele. If he relied solely on his bow, he wouldn't kill as fast as A'Xiong. He wasn't the most suited for this job. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and said indifferently: "A'Xiong, give me the shield and the defensive ring. You help Lele clean up..."
