---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 168"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "roboxroz"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 168: Lin Le's Comprehension**

Everyone watched as Ye Cang stabbed his rapier into the ground and then borrow Zhang ZhengXiong's shield. He attached his sheat to the shield and then put on the defensive ring. He then pulled his rapier out of the ground and sheathed it in the shield, then raised his shield and said: "Let's go..."

"Are you sure you can substitute in for your brother? He has the highest health and defence. I know what you're thinking... but..." ThornyRose was hesitant.

"Don't worry..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

CloudDragon gripped his iron knuckles. *This guy will be a good opponent. One of a kind. A ranger that can do anything? Let's see if you can really walk such a path.*

ThornyRose nodded. He was the team leader, and he was quite capable. She looked at his white hair, sleeveless feather coat, and shield with a sword sheathed in it. He certainly looked barbaric enough, if only you didn't look at the shorts underneath his coat. A woman in his outfit would be beautiful. *That shield... that shield...* ThornyRose unceasingly complained in her mind...

Zhang ZhengXiong pulled out a Superior Saber from the handcart. He looked like a berserker holding two sabers. ThornyRose and the others sighed. They felt like they understood his class less and less. If they didn't know he was a priest, they would never in their life be able to guess it... Although he wasn't the only priests who fought in melee, but the other priests all started out as priests and sacrificed their magic power for melee abilities. This guy was like a barbarian from the very start. No one even knew if there would be a sub-class for his build.

"Alright, we'll go with these arrangements. Damn lowlife, you have an instant movement skill, so you take the boss first. The rest remains the same. Let's go." ThornyRose nodded.

Lin Le unsummoned his handcart, and joined Ye Cang in opening the stone door.

"You're finally coming in?" The boss old Mar's cold, withered voice sounded out.

ThornyRose saw that the undead had already been arranged by the entrance to the room. "Lele, go! Everyone, clear a path! Charge!"

Everyone took big strides, charging through the undead. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le fought at the very front.

Barbaric Tackle! Lin Le's large sword also swung, opening a path. Little Ye Tian saw they were almost at the boss, and opened her holy text, dealing heavy damage and stunning all the undead. Ye Cang became a silver flash, and interrupted old Mar's spell.

"It was you who ruined my plans and killed that dumb fairy..." Old Mar raised his sword to block the thrust and sneered.

"She's not dumb. She's now with the one she loves. As for you... you'll have to pay the price..." Ye Cang drew his mithril rapier and added Flame Blade. Multiple Straight Thrust! The blade flashed like a meteor shower.

Old Mar's mantle was almost entirely burnt up by Ye Cang's Flame Blade, revealing his rotten face. His entire body was so decomposed that it was almost all bones. An old fashioned light armor was revealed under the mantle. "Is that right? The owner of this body killed me, yet now he's being controlled by me like a servant. Even the mighty wolf god has been corrupted by my curse. I've also finally understood something after becoming like this. You mortals will all die! While I will be eternal! This body, that won't die of age, is too wonderful!"

Ye Cang knew that the damage he dealt was not fatal. It might not even have tickled. He raised his shield to block a sword strike, deflecting it to the side, and with a step, Straight Thrust + Precise Strike instantly pierced through his skull. This attack brought about decent damage.

"Annoying bug!!" Old Mar took advantage of this time to send an elbow strike at Ye Cang who hadn't yet pulled back his sword. He raised his shield to block and was sent flying back a few meters and then sliding a few more before coming to a stop. Such tremendous power! He had lost a fifth of his health from that single attack, even after blocking it with his shield.

From the air, a taoist figure arrived, and struck at old Mar's skull with his iron knuckles. Old Mar quickly raise a hand to block.

CloudDragon's fist landed on his arm, and used the force to lean his body back to dodge a blow. He even used his flipping movement to send a knee strike followed a triple strike, sword finger and a leg sweep! However, the knockdown failed. CloudDragon sighed. It turns out he didn't hit hard enough. He pushed off the ground with a hand and flipped 360 degrees, dodging and incoming blade, then like a spring, he performed a Rising Dragon Kick! Success! The boss was sent flying into the air.

ThornyRose swung her longsword from nearby. Charge! Shield Bash! Heavy Strike! Double Strike! Ye Cang had been casting a flame burst since he was first pushed back. "Out of the way!"

CloudDragon somersaulted away. ThornyRose also rolled to the side. The flameburst didn't actually aim at old Mar. Instead, it struck under him, causing a strong explosion, once again sending him flying even higher into the air. FrozenCloud had also caught up now, she pursued the boss into the air and launched a Wolverine Strike! Triple Strike! Shouryuukenn!

Ye Cang, CloudDragon and ThornyRose ran over one after another. SpyingBlade, NalanMoon, FrozenBlood, and YellowSprings had charged up right after FrozenCloud, but the boss was already falling! VastSea smiled. "It won't be so easy..."

He activated his new longswords skill, and shadow power poured into his sword. He stood where the boss was falling to, then with a 180 spin, he slashed. The shadow exploded, once again sending the boss into the air.

The assassins and YellowSprings, in order to kill the boss as quickly as possible, unloaded all their skills! This was the best opportunity to deal damage! They couldn't miss this chance even if it killed them!

BlackIce and GreenDew's magic missiles smashed into him one after the other like a chain of meteors. Knocking him into the air had born fruit.

Meanwhile, on Lin Le's side, the crowd of monsters weren't having a good time. Under the effects of his aura, the swords withering field, and the swords wide sweeping attacks as well as Little Ye Tian and Zhang ZhengXiong's support, there was no pressure at all. He crushed two gold coins, luckily getting one back. Berserk! Whirlwind Strike! Any undead caught within his range was crushed. He even used one of the molotovs created from the slime boss. He performed a backhand throw, as if tossing a dart towards the boss who was in midair. It flew in a beautiful arc, and shattered, setting the boss on fire. Old Mar roared in rage.

CloudDragon looked over at Lin Le. That throw was so accurate. It was pretty much dead on. Also, that molotov, if it was aimed at himself, he might not have dodged successfully even if he reacted. That throwing technique was so tricky, very hard to dodge. Was that midget related to the Tang sect?

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'White! The system says I created a skill and talent. What do you think about calling it Lele Certain Hit Dart and Lele Dart Technique..." Lin Le asked while slashing the skeletons around him. It made ThornyRose and the others' chests tighten. He actually just broke common sense and managed to create a skill and talent. It's even a skill related to thrown weapons which could sometimes have miraculous effects.

ThornyRose and the other professional players were all capable of creating a skill, however, for someone like Lele who was lacking in both training and intelligence to accomplish it, it was inconceivable...

CloudDragon looked at ThornyRose and the other's astonishment, then smiled coldly. *You still don't understand even now? Although that midget's move were all showy, and his actions all like a primary schooler, but don't let that confuse you. He's definitely not mediocre. The ones here who could defeat him were no more than 3, and it would be a hard to win without giving some flesh...*

"Whatever. Quickly finish off the monsters and then come help!" Ye Cang shouted back. It wasn't anything unusual. He and A'Xiong knew that Lele had 5 freak skills. One of them was throwing darts. When Lele went to bars, he would show off this skill, however he was too excessive. Even if you put an apple in front of the bullseye, it would be no use. That guy could, with the flip of a finger, make the dart accelerate, decelerate, change paths, arc, or even fly as if weightless. What made people even more speechless was that he could do this with multiple darts at the same time, each travelling in a different path, at a different speed. Every single one, going around the apple and hitting the bullseye. It was something you couldn't believe until you saw it yourself.
