---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 169"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 169: Fusion**

"I've already said, you'll all die, while I will be eternal...!" A black shadowy aura exploded from Old Mar, who was collapsed on the ground, causing everyone to retreat. He slowly got up and made a cruel smile. He looked even crueler and more terrifying under the raging flames.

Old Mar pointed his staff at Ye Cang. "I'll start with you..."

He tapped the air with his swordstaff, and a ghostly blue instantly shot out towards Ye Cang, hitting him straight on. However, all he hit was a water clone. The real body was no longer around.

"It's actually that uncivilized, blue skinned freak's special skill?" Old Mar was rather surprised. It's actually Kilaris' water clone. Was this the ranger that helped form the alliance between those blue skinned freaks and Really New Village?

Ye Cang noticed his intention since early on, so had left behind a water clone and activated his shoes' speed boost to get away. His sword was sheathed back into the shield. He took out his heavy bow and performed a Double Shot.

The arrows were deflected by a ghostly blue protective screen, falling in front of their target. The staff once again undulated with energy.

This time, a fast shadow flew over, swinging a large handcart. "Lele homerun!!"

ThornyRose was just thinking 'not good' when Lele suddenly appeared. Although stupid, his battle senses were sharp. When to provide assistance and when to retreat, his speed of improvement was really worthy of respect. As for sneak attacks, he was a genius. He was just naturally talented for appearing when you'd least expect it. As for that damn lowlife, he also gave others a strange feeling, as if he was everywhere. When ranged firepower was needed, he would be shooting arrows. When melee support, he would suddenly be beside you. When you were low on health, you'd suddenly discover that there was an extra healing over time spell healing you. When magic was needed to turn a situation around, you would discover his spell, that was even more devastating than a mage's, on it's way. It was like a spirit. She already felt that while fighting with him, it must be even worse to be the boss experiencing it personally...

Old Mar shot the incomplete spell from his swordstaff. Little Ye Tian quickly came over and activated her staff's holy shield and her shield's protection skill, protecting everyone. She even added her Holy Shield and Rejuvenating Light to Lele to protect him who was about to clash with the boss. Ye Cang had also cast a Healing Stream.

The swordstaff and big sword clashed. CloudDragon raised his eyebrows. "This midget can very well become the next Angelite! Not bad! He's got his own style! He has Angelite's fearlessness and a touch of the Chrysanthemum Emperor's craftyness! Those three brothers have had their own styles. Looks like this season will have three more amusing guys! Haha! That is, if they don't turn out like that coward..."

CloudDragon's sight was locked onto the surprised SpyingBlade. SpyingBlade felt his gaze, and gripped his dagger tightly. *You think I don't want to keep fighting like before? Those crazy battles! That feeling of fighting against those powerhouses! But I already have no future... The me now, is only a...* Unwillingness could be seen in his expression. *CloudDragon! I'll definitely assassinate you at least once! That's what I owe you! It's also my last wish! Compassionate Star... Sorry...*

Old Mar felt that his swordstaff couldn't push any further and could only wait as Lele's Handcart came crashing into him. The sound of a skeleton shattering was heard as if he had just gotten hit by a car and he flew out like an artillery shell!

Lin Le landed and unsummoned his handcart. He didn't forget to flex his arms like a strongman. His nose flared like a little bull. "Lele is strong!!"

"Looks like you still don't understand..." The assassins who were charging over heard those cold words. They all thought 'not good' and began retreating!

Those twenty or so undead that had been taken care of by Lin Le, began to gather together. They began to change and assemble into a monstrosity.

Ye Cang identified it.

Gauteng's Frankenstein (Boss - Undead)

Gauteng, so it turns out that wizard's name was the same as the set equipment's.

"VastSea, ThornyRose, FrozenCloud. You all keep that thing busy. YellowSprings, PaleSnow, DarkBlade, HeavenShakingMight, Little guy, you guys interested in crushing that guy together with me?" CloudDragon lowered his body like a cheetah about to pounce.

"Can you keep up?" Zhang ZhengXiong looked at CloudDragon and smiled maliciously. He reached out to massage his neck, and looked provokingly at CloudDragon. 

"Do you want to find out..." CloudDragon responded with a look of disdain. *That bastard's aura is too astonishing. Even here, I feel like a beast is about to break out and attack me.*

"A'Xiong, your shield and ring!" Ye Cang said and tossed them over. He sensed the tension between them and smiled. "Brother CloudDragon, my brother won't be as easy to take on as me..."

"Humph~ When there's a chance, let's find out..." CloudDragon snorted and then returned his attention to the boss. SpyingBlade smiled indifferently from the side. "Wanna see if you'll fall to my dagger?"

"Coward, come back once you have the courage." CloudDragon raised the corners of his lips. *That guy's aura is returning...*

"Don't hold us three brothers back, whoever you are!" Lin Le pouted towards YellowSprings. 

YellowSprings only laughed and didn't reply. *To think someone would say that to me in the virtual world. Even Flame Emperor wouldn't say that... Next time we meet, it won't be so easy to defeat me, HappyAndCheerful...*

ThornyRose, who had charged to take on the new boss, sighed. The tension between those guys was too heavy. However, she knew it was bound to happen when Really New Village's top players gathered.

"I'll go first..." Ye Cang grabbed his tonfa. He once again turned into a flash of silver and interrupted Old Mar's attack. He revealed his signature indifferent smile. "My bad, I interrupted you again..."

"You annoying fly!" Old Mar was extremely angry. *He's too fast! Every time I start casting a spell, he'll appear and interrupt it!* He sweeped out with his swordstaff. Ye Cang suddenly dodged, ducking under it. Then with his offhand, he raised his tonfa at the next attack. Counter Success! His rapier stabbed forwards, with Flame Blade added onto it. Multiple Straight Thrusts! Precise Strike + Straight Thrust! His attacks all happened in an instant.

"Pursuing speed?" CloudDragon stepped off the floor and activated the martial artist clothing's ability and the bracelet strength boost, almost doubling his attributes. He quickly closed the distance, charging past Ye Cang towards old Mar's body, and launched a combo of attacks striking at the underarm, pit of the stomach, head, lower body, and waist. His attacks seemed like they would never end. While attacking, he would easily dodge or deflect any attacks coming at him, making everyone gasp in amazement.
