---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 170"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 170: A Matter of Life or Death

Barbaric Tackle!

Zhang ZhengXiong charged with his shield like a tank made of meat. Old Mar had no choice but to block with his sword. The tremendous force from the collision pushed the boss back a step. CloudDragon who had been continuously battering him took this opportunity to sweep out with his leg. Knockdown successful! Ye Cang's rapier stabbed like a silver serpent. Lin Le leaped over and took this chance to perform an Execute! His blade chopped down on Old Mar's throat dealing a tremendous amount of damage.

YellowSprings also appeared, smashing down with his hilt, followed by a Heavy Strike and Rising Slash!

Lin Le who had just chopped down, roared and pulled his sword up with all his strength and Old Mar along with it. Rising Slash! Whirlwind Strike!

SpyingBlade dodged past Lin Le's attack and stabbed the boss. He once again dodged and slashed out. Every dodge would be accompanied by an attack, looking exceptionally agile.

Water began bubbling ontop of Ye Cang's hand. Tidal Wave! CloudDragon backflipped to avoid it, then when his feet touched the ground, he pushed off, charging back into battle. 

NalanMoon dodged past the frankenstein monster's powerful attack, and happened to see the other side's mad assault. None of them lacked the air of a daring expert. Such a powerful little team probably didn't even exist in the Freedom Alliance. CloudDragon's aerial combat and combos were too strong. If launched into the air, normal players would be helpless before him. Even FlameEmperor would have trouble escaping his aerial combos...

ThornyRose began to feel a bit anxious. The boss still hadn't died. The pressure on this side was getting pretty big. This thing was hard to kill. It had high defence, high health, so wasn't something they could kill quickly. Her eyes kept glancing over at the battle on Ye Cang's side where everyone was attacking from all directions, crisscrossing and moving as if they had some sort of mutual understanding. *Shaking Bear can actually keep up with them? As expected of a freak with a godlike physique.* She smiled bitterly. *He's even a priest. No matter how he builds, he would still become an important part of any team.*

At this time, Old Mar who was being comboed in the air was emitting little black spirits from his body. Ye Cang tried stabbing one with his sword. *Physical attacks aren't working!?* He was then hit by one of the ghostly image's claw and took 9 damage. Then, the image returned to Old Mar's body, before coming out once again. *What is this?*

"Not good! He's stealing our health with the ghosts!" YellowSprings shouted.

Zhang ZhengXiong wave his shield, shooting out a multi-colored light which terrified the ghosts, but it only stopped them for a moment. The ring's abilities also shot out, making a burst of holy fire. All these colorful abilities exploded out, dealing quite a bit of damage, but was unable to stop the ghosts from plundering their health.

"It's no use. Your light isn't enough to scare me..." Old Mar continued to slowly recover. The ghosts even went as far as to steal health from ThornyRose's side. The entire team fell into a hopeless situation.

"Roar~" CloudDargon used his last card, Mountain Tiger's Roar! Everyone's attributes were raised. Lin Le crushed two gold coins. Everyone once again began a violent storm of attacks.

Ye Cang's straight thrust combo appeared once again, so fast that Old Mar couldn't even react. However, the damage it dealt was limited. The speed at which Old Mar was healing was just too fast. Seeing the swordstaff beginning to emit a diabolical energy, he turned into a shadow which performed 6 attacks, then when he returned, he pulled out his heavy crossbow, and aimed at the back of Old Mar's head. Fire! The huge bolt directly shot through his skull. This attack brought about a significant amount of damage. After pulling the trigger, he once again left a water clone behind and moved away to begin casting a Flame Burst...

Old Mar was furious. He turned and chopped towards Ye Cang, but he didn't feel the expected feeling of chopping through bones and flesh. He immediately knew it was a fake, but the water clone had already exploded, pushing him back, causing him to stagger. Lin Le lowered his body, waiting for his chance. CloudDragon once again grabbed the opportunity to launch the boss into the air. SpyingBlade's dagger and blade danced, only leaving behind shadows. YellowSprings activated the anti-cavalry blade's Bloodmoon Chop! 

Lin Le leapt over dragging his handcart, and smashed old Mar into a wall. Ye Cang's flame burst arrived at this time, smashing him deeper into the wall. BlackIce and GreenDew were about to cast a magic missile at the frankenstein monster but saw this chance. They suddenly changed targets, and their chain of magic missiles all smashed into Old Mar's skeletal body, further embedding him into the wall.

The system still hadn't said anything. CloudDragon saw that the number of ghosts were increasing. *Was this guy unkillable!?*

"Looks like you all still don't understand the gap between us..." Old Mar easily jumped out of the wall as if nothing had happened. He reached out a hand to straighten his crooked head, then raised his swordstaff, preparing a big move.

"Interrupt him!" CloudDragon shouted, then took the lead to charge over, however it was too late. No one made it in time. All their movement skills were on cooldown.

Ye Cang stared closely at Old Mar's magic. When it was just about to be cast! Steal Spell! *Succeed! You have to succeed!!* 

Success!

Ye Cang was delighted. He felt the power of the spell he had stolen. Netherworld Shock!

CloudDragon and the others saw that Old Mar's spellcasting had stopped. Zhang ZhengXiong suddenly realized, and turned to look at Ye Cang right hand which was covered in a ghostly blue magic. *So it's my bro's Steal Spell!*

BlackIce was alarmed. *That skill can even steal a boss's ultimate spell!? Impossible! It must be a fluke. That skill must have very strict conditions to use. He must have activated it at the perfect moment, and got lucky on top of that. Also, the boss wasn't expecting it. But I still can't deny that, that skill, if used well, could really turn a battle around.*

"Steal Spell!? You! Wait! You're a half-elf!? Disgusting mixed-breed!" Old Mar was already doubtful. How was that ranger so proficient in magic? He never expected him to be a half-elf!

"Netherworld Shock!" Ye Cang threw out the ghostly blue energy, which engulfed old Mar. All the armor on his body began breaking, thoroughly inflicting heavy damage. Even the black ghostly imaged looked like they were suffering...

The shock brought Old Mar down to his knees. CloudDragon and the others knew they had to use this chance to take his life. They couldn't give him anymore opportunities!!

The swordstaff stabbed into the ground, and a pair of skeletal hands emitted a dark energy on the hilt. White spirits rushed out from the ground. Soon, some sort of gas also started leaking out from the ground. Everyone's health began to fall very quickly. *Was this still not enough?* Ye Cang pulled out his longbow, and quickly aimed and shot continuously. The swordstaff formed a protective screen, blocking the arrows. CloudDragon and the others felt like they were treading through a marsh, and even had to deal with attacks from spirits...

*Is this the end?* ThornyRose sighed. This was too abnormal. They clearly just gained the advantage, so how did this suddenly happen... She saw that the frankenstein monster was quickly healing with the help of the strange gas. They fought the whole time for damn nothing...

A black shadow broke through the swordstaff's protection and longsword stabbed into Old Mar's head.

"It's you... that little thing..." The light in Old Mar's eye's began to fade out as he looked at the man in front of him.

CloudDragon and Ye Cang both sighed in relief. It's the mayor! As expected of the mayor who was also boss of the guards. He had some moves.

"Gauteng, everything will meet it's end. Father... you can rest in peace now." Mar pulled out his longsword with a sigh. The flames in his father's head gradually stopped burning, but he said one final thing before his death. "The Hall of Shadows... will cleanse this world..."

Everyone heard the keyword 'Hall of Shadows'. CloudDragon raised his eyebrows. This must be an evil organization outside the beginner villages.
