---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 171"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 171: Curiosity Sent Them Fleeing**

"What's the Hall of Shadows?" Ye Cang asked.

"An old and sinister organization. During the Calamity War, as the major races were near victory, some of them tasted the powers of darkness and death. They began questioning their beliefs and very quickly, the Hall of Shadows and the equally famous Spirit Scholars Union were formed. Different from the Hall of Shadows, the Spirit Scholars Union is famous for their black magic guild, and necromancy guild. They're as famous as the guilds for the other branches of magic." Mar slowly explained.

"Hellooo! You menfolk! We're still fighting over here!" ThornyRose was speechless at their nonchalant chatter.

"White Hair, Iron Fist, you guys go help. I'm going to take a break..." Mar sat down on a stone coffin and looked at his father's body, sinking into thought.

Without Gauteng, the frankenstein monster became much weaker. It fell quickly under everyone's combined efforts. ThornyRose once again blocked Ye Cang from looting the body. Lin Le went to loot, and noticed that Mayor Mar was staring at his father's corpse. He began contemplating how he should loot old Mar's. He arrived beside beside old Mar's body and his two hands came together. "Rest in peace..."

Then he instantly snached all the items off the corpse. Ye Cang saw Mar snap out of his thoughts with a relieved expression, and smiled. He began to take apart the undead and throw them into the cart.

"On my way here, I didn't see a single skeleton. Even mayor Sayle's body was nowhere to be seen. Where did they all go?" Mar recalled and asked doubtfully.

Everyone looked towards Ye Cang, then towards the handcart that probably contained a mountain of bones.

"Umm, I put them all in the handcart... We were planning to rebury them later..." Ye Cang said with a straight face.

ThornyRose and the other's paled as they recalled something and quickly covered their mouths. *Bull sh\*t! You were clearly planning to turn them all into biochemical weapons!*

"That handcart... Eh~ turns out you have an Armed Merchant? This is a signature item of any armed merchants, a Magic Handcarts..." Mar said, looking towards the handcart which had a deceptively enormous capacity. Then he pointed at a hole at the back of the room. "Dust to dust. Earth to earth. Throw them in there. Let them continue their slumber..." 

Mar said and then carried his father's body to the hole. "Farewell. You will forever be Really New Village's hero and my father..."

Ye Cang struggled internally as he pulled the cart to the hole, and poured all the remains down. *Wah~ why is the system showing these number?* 23/300. He poured in a few more and it increased to 27/300. What would happen when it filled up? Curious, he continued throwing in corpses. He was originally planning to secretly keep some as ingredients, but now he began dumping them out without a thought. All the skeletons and zombies poured out. 150... 200... 299... 300!

An overwhelming and withered roar sounded out from the abyss. Everyone looked over. A huge skeleton crawled out, stunning everyone. Just the head that poked out of the abyss was 5 meters across! The flames in it's eyes appeared incomparably cold. Ye Cang and Mayor Mar blinked, looking at the enormous skeleton that was within arms reach. That terrifying aura... they both broke out in cold sweat. 

Tomb's Bone Demon (Hidden Event Boss - Abyss)

Ye Cang was drenched in cold sweat and began laughing dryly while waving his hand. "That... uncle skeleton, how are you? Goodbye!"

The moment he finished speaking, he pushed the handcart and charged away with a Dashing Straight Thrust and even activated his shoes's speed boost.

"What are you waiting for!? Hurry and run! This thing isn't something we can defeat! Back to town!" Old Mar had already escaped like a meteor as soon as the boss showed up. He saw that ThornyRose, CloudDragon and the others were still staring blankly at the super huge skeleton, and roared at them. Then without any feeling of comradery, he booked it out the door. Everyone quickly snapped out of their revelry and scrambled to catch up. Lin Le unsummoned his handcart and followed behind Mayor Mar. It was now time to show off his running talent! Old Mar looked at Lele who was just behind him. *This little guy retreats so fast!*

"Aaah!"

An enormous stone hand reached through the stone door, and grabbed GreenDew and BlackIce who were lagging behind, pulling them back into the room. ThornyRose looked back and saw GreenDew begging for help and then get thrown into the skeleton's mouth. *Little Green... I'll see you in town...*

BlackIce's heart sank. She was going to die again...

"Don't turn back!" Old Mar said while taking large stride, maintaining his lead. "Mother of god, that scared the crap out of this old man. There's actually such a big guy down there... White Hair, Iron Fist. After we get back to town, bring more people and take this guy out!"

This was a big scenario boss! They could tell just by looking at it's size. It wasn't something a little group could handle. They needed to borrow the strength of a guild. SpyingBlade raised his brows. None of Thorns and Roses, Mad War, or Freedom Alliance would give up the chance to kill this boss. For one, this boss might drop a Guild Charter. Moreover, the equipment will definitely surpass anything else in the beginner village. This was basically something that shouldn't appear in a beginner village...

ThornyRose, CloudDragon and NalanMoon all began to scheme. However, the most important thing was to run for their lives. It would not be worth it to die and lose experience... If they happened to also drop equipment, they probably wouldn't be able to get it back.

Everyone rushed through the shaking passages. The ceiling had begun to cave in, and the path in front of them got blocked off! Mar's heart sank. Was it too late? Little Ye Tian was still calm while facing death. "Follow me!"

Everyone saw that she was going into the sewers, and hurried after her.

"We'll go from the sewers to the underground river, which should ultimately flow into Riley River!" Little Ye Tian explained.

"What if when we get there..." SpyingBlade replied. He wasn't afraid of death, but if something happened to Mayor Mar, it would affect their quest.

"It's fine. I've analyzed Really New Village's map. Although the river will flow underground, but if we keep following it, it will definitely flow into Riley River!" Little Ye Tian said confidently. CloudDragon looked at her, rather surprised. This girl's analytical ability was so powerful. Along the journey, CloudDragon had already discovered how smart she was.

"Listen to the girl. We have no other way anyways!" Mar took the lead to go down to the sewers. Everyone exchanged glances and nodded. They really had no other choice! They caught up to Mar and everyone followed Little Ye Tian's lead. The ceiling in the sewers also began to slowly crumble. The underground river was now in front of them. Everyone stopped. Little Ye Tian threw her shield into the water and then sat down on it, floating on the surface...

Ye Cang smiled and then dived in. CloudDragon jumped in behind him. Everyone sensed that the tomb was about to collapse on top of them! There wasn't much time, so they all leapt into the underground river!

The rapidly flowing river pushed everyone away from the collapsing ruins. Little Ye Tian saw that in front of them, the river submerged underground, so she put away her shield and took a deep breath! Mar also took a deep breath. Everyone all dived and swam as if their life depended on it. Their life really did depend on if they could get past this tunnel of unknown length!!
