---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 172"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 172: Bone Mask**

CloudDragon and Thornyrose saw that Ye Cang was like a fish in the water. He had such abnormal speed and agility. Moreover, he could actually breath! How could he breath in the water!? Who in the world could defeat him underwater like this!? But right now, ThornyRose shouted towards him. "Bring Mar out of here! Don't mind us!"

Ye Cang nodded. He grabbed Mar and quickly swam ahead. In a flash, he disappeared from everyone's limited field of view.

Blue Scaled Pioneer... No one else thought that it would actually give him such a blessing. Mar watched as Ye Cang carried him through with a calm expression. Soon, they saw a faint light in the distance. They came out of a cave in the bottom of the river, and discovered it was currently evening. It appears that the moon was bright tonight.

Ye Cang and Mar broke through the surface and looked around in all directions. The watery moon was now above their heads. They both sighed in relief and climbed onto the shore.

Mar gasped for breath as he sat by the water. He looked around and smiled. "This is the lower portion of Riley River. You should hurry and go save the others..."

Ye Cang flipped and dived back down under the water. Swimming against the stream to get to the others. He began bringing them out two at a time. Little Ye Tian release the breath she was holding. They were lucky that her father could swim as fast as a fish in water, otherwise, it would have been difficult to make it through that tunnel...

Everyone reached land and looked towards the graveyard. They saw all the birds and fauna scrambling away in alarm.

"Let's go back to town first..." Mar said and then started walking in the direction of Really New Village.

"What do we do about the boss?" ThornyRose began the important conversation.

"This quest was originally ours, so the boss should also be ours." YellowSprings said, stating his opinion.

"Let's talk about it later. We need to distribute the equipment first. According the the agreement, I'll be taking one piece first." CloudDragon hinted at Lele to take out the drops and let him see them. Lin Le looked towards Ye Cang. After getting permission he took out the 5 items that the two bosses had dropped. "Pick, but the set pieces are mine..."

CloudDragon nodded. There wouldn't be any point in taking the set pieces anyways. He looked through the equipment and took a Distinguished Quality necklace. Lin Le then took the set piece which was a damaged skeletal mask. It looked like it would be very heavy. The mask was part broken, revealing one of Lin Le's eyes and half his mouth. It looked especially domineering when matched with his body full of bone armor.

Gauteng's Bone Face (Distinguished - Set)

Category: Bone Mask

Requirements: 45 Strength, 40 Constitution.

+7 Defence

+9 Strength

+7 Constitution

+15 Dark Resistance

+5% Will

Dreadful Gaze: Activate the strength contained in the mask for a chance to deal 30 illusion damage to the target and inflict it with a fear, rendering them unable to move. Cooldown: 1 hour.

Another set effect also appeared.

Gauteng's Netherworld Shock: Draw strength from the set to cast a Netherworld Shock at the target, dealing 100 damage along with a chance to knockback or knockdown nearby targets. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Lin Le gave the remaining 3 items to Ye Cang. As for the items he and CloudDragon had taken away, no one complained. It was already decided on beforehand, although they did feel a bit of regret. As for Lin Le, this as already his 5th set piece. It was probably also the final piece, because he was already emitting a ghostly blue aura.

Eventually, ThornyRose was able to get information on the Netherworld Shock skill. With this skill, Lele, was now a bulldozer. Right now, there were few light armored players that had more than 100 health. Even she herself didn't even have 200. *Ahh... Set items... Too OP.* She couldn't help but smile bitterly.

Ye Cang took out the three items and posted their stats. They were the swordstaff, a spellcaster ring, and a heavy armor.

Ains' Corrupted Swordstaff (Distinguished - Extremely Valuable)

Category: Magic Swordstaff

Requirements: 40 Intelligence, 35 Wisdom, 30 Strength

Damage: 21 - 24

+8 Spell Power

+8 Intelligence

+6 Wisdom

+5 Strength

Additional Dark Damage: 7 - 9

Spirit Bind: Select an area. Targets in the area become slowed by 60% and receive 3 damage per second for 15 seconds. Cooldown: 1 hour.

Puzzle Ring (Distinguished - Valuable)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

+6 Intelligence

+6 Wisdom

+5 Constitution

+4 Spell Power

Puzzle Ring Effect: Activate to turn 20 health into 20 mana. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

Composite Spirit Armor (Distinguished - Valuable)

Category: Heavy Armor

Requirements: 70 Constitution, 40 Strength

+11 Defence

+10 Constitution

+5 Strength

+9% Fortitude

7% Damage Reduction

All three were top quality equipment for this stage of the game. The swordstaff's stat requirements was too harsh for most players. There weren't any other warmages or magic swordsmen who could use it, so Ye Cang got it without any competition. He somewhat reluctantly gave up his rapier and equipped it. That high 24 damage as well as the additional dark damage and that crowd control active were just too good to refuse. He tried swinging it around to test it and it didn't feel too bad...

ThornyRose looked at the swordstaff, and faintly raised her eyebrows. This sort of weapon was really too suited to his all-rounder build.

Next was the all important ring. CloudDragon had hesitated on whether to pick the ring or the necklace. Right now, there wasn't any potions to restore mana, and other methods were also few. However, that guy's cooking had that effect. The paladin's aura also had mana regeneration. He faintly sighed. "Let's bid on the ring."

ThornyRose also really wanted it for GreenDew. 20 mana could be very useful in certain situations. Moreover, the ring added Constitution. 5 points of Constitution was a whole 15 health. For a fragile mage, it was good to have a bit more health. Everything was good except one little thing, the 20 health cost for using the ability. If it was used when the user didn't even have 20 health left, it would just be suicide.

Little Ye Tian was also thinking about it. She could do a lot with 20 mana. She could cast a holy shield or a healing spell. The cooldown was also alright at 20 minutes. It could pretty much be used once a battle. As a healer, it would help her survive better. Also, as a paladin, she had much more health than a pure spellcaster, however her mana wasn't as high, so this ring would be very useful for her. She would do her utmost to get it...

NalanMoon smiled bitterly. The final boss didn't drop anything for assassins. It was all fighter and spellcaster equipment. She wouldn't even think about the ring, someone's coin pouch will probably bleed for it.

"50 starting bid, half federal dollars."Ye Cang looked at everyone and saw no one disagree, so he began.

"100 gold." Little Ye Tian directly jumped the price.

CloudDragon furrowed his brows. He needed to save some money, especially gold. Moreover, that ring used up 20 health, so it really suited the little girl.

ThornyRose saw that CloudDragon had given up, so she also didn't raise the price. Incase that girl gave up, if she had to pay so much gold, she would have trouble in the next town. The gains wouldn't make up for the losses.
