---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 173"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 173: Rights of Attribution

Little Ye Tian already knew the others were trying to save gold. Especially after all those money-making schemes of her father's. Fighting king could still procure gold from the black market, but the amount was limited. The amount of gold in the game right now was limited. As for Sister Rose, it didn't need to be said. She could barely be considered their companion.

In the end, the ring went to Little Ye Tian at a price of 100 gold. After distributing it, they ended up spending over 60 gold.

"The breastplate. Let's have Shaking Bear, me, and VastSea roll for it." ThornyRose said, taking the breastplate from Ye Cang's hands.

Unfortunately, she didn't take this opportunity to earn a bit more. Instead, the breastplate went to the Zhang Zhengxiong with a roll of 91. He immediately put it on. ThornyRose knew that even if she rolled and got it, she probably couldn't wear it yet and would have to give it to him anyways. The stats were good but she was still a bit away from that 70 Constitution requirement. VastSea probably hadn't reached it either. She watched as he put on the large silvery white breastplate, and once again smiled bitterly. He became even harder.

VastSea knew that with the heavy armors stats on top of that paladin's original stats, he was probably the hardest player with the highest health. Just his auras increased quite a bit of health, and he wore top quality equipment. VastSea could only smile bitterly along with ThornyRose.

"Distributions are done. Now we can discuss what to do with the boss." NalanMoon took the lead to bring it up.

"Just like YellowSprings said earlier, this quest line is Mad War's, so this boss will be ours." CloudDragon said simply.

"You want to hog it all to yourself!?" NalanMoon's eyebrows began to wrinkle.

"You think I can't? Freedom Alliance..."CloudDragon snorted and said proudly. *The Freedom Alliance, humph~ Even if NalanPureSoul was here, so what?*

"You!?" NalanMoon's expression became even more tense. The Freedom Alliance's main force wasn't in Really New Village. It could be said that the strongest force in Really New Village was Mad War. Fighting King's rallying power wasn't something she could compare with. Moreover, PureSoul wasn't here... She could only hold back her anger.

ThornyRose had nothing to say. The other two both represented china's top 4 guilds. Under these circumstances, this boss no longer had anything to do with her. She already expected that Fighting King wouldn't allow them to get involved.

"About that. Brother CloudDragon, not getting any benefits out of it is not something I can accept..." Ye Cang stepped up and said with an indifferent smile.

CloudDragon stared at him. *That guy really does have a say in it. Mayor Mar entrusted both of us to this task. Moreover, he had a high position with both Really New Village and the fishmen, so he could probably muster up an army of guards and fishmen.* "1 item..."

"Half..." Ye Cang said, maintaining his smile. He directly opened his mouth and spat out this word.

ThornyRose looked between him and CloudDragon. *Seeing it in person and in a video really was different. That damn lowlife who's usually as free as the wind and light as the clouds can have such a powerful aura.*

"Don't push it, party leader PaleSnow..." YellowSprings sneered with his evil looking face.

"Brother Lil'White, he's smiling at you with evil intent! Let me kill him! Ok!?" Lin Le took out his big sword and waited for the command. He pouted and stared at YellowSprings while his nostrils shout out steam.

YellowSprings sighed. Right now, he wasn't strong enough to defeat him, let alone now that he had 4 set effects. Even if his control was better, he would still be steamrolled. Moreover, this midget wasn't someone easy to deal with... He stared back at Lin Le and took on a defensive stance.

VastSea remained silent. He couldn't guess what they were thinking, so he positioned himself somewhere he could easily rush to help.

ThornyRose also remained silent. Since Mad War was around, it had nothing to do with her. At most, she'd be able to get some leftovers.

CloudDragon blinked and then his lips raised into a smile. "Based on what..."

"The boss was summoned by me. I spent so many materials so I have to make up my losses, right? Moreover, the mayor mentioned that he was leaving it up to me and you... which also means I get half." Ye Cang said slowly.

"And if I say no?" CloudDragon said coldly as he continued to stare at Ye Cang.

"Humph~ In that cause... I'm afraid you won't have an easy time fighting this boss..." Zhang ZhengXiong crossed his arms and sneered.

"Are you threatening me!?" CloudDragon turned his head. His blade like gaze intersected with Zhang ZhengXiong's fearless gaze.

"What do you think?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked coldly.

ThornyRose looked at Zhang ZhengXiong, who was full of fighting spirit, confronting Fighting King. *This guy, whether it's his attitude, his decisions or his skill; when he matures, he will be a superstar who can compete with Fighting King. Right now, it might be too early, after all, they just started playing recently. I hope that damn lowlife and the other's aren't the kind who turn out short lived. It would be such a pity.* Although she despised Ye Cang, but she thought highly of their natural talent. Ye Cang's omnipotent style, Zhang ZhengXiong's courageous style, and Lin Le's forceful style...

"A'Xiong! How can you say that!? Are we the kind of people who would bring an army of guards and fishmen to make a mess!? Brother CloudDragon, don't take offense. This brother of mine is just too straight forwards..." Ye Cang shouted at Zhang ZhengXiong, and then turned to smile indifferently at CloudDragon.

CloudDragon became furious. He wasn't afraid of Thorns and Roses or the Freedom Alliance. Even if they came, it would be futile. He was only slightly worried about this bastard causing trouble by bringing Really New Village's guards. Equipment was secondary. Most important was that it might drop a Guild Charter. This was something they must absolutely get. Although he wanted to fight it out with them, but this concerned Mad War's future. His brows faintly furrowed. "Alright, however, if the Guild Charter drops, it's ours..."

"Deal..." Ye Cang said, nodding his head.

Everyone returned to town. Mayor Mar told everyone to come back when it was daytime to receive their reward, and then returned to have fun with his wife. CloudDragon and Ye Cang had discussed the entire way back and reached an agreement. Ye Cang had also given him the information about the black werewolf questline.

NalanMoon was frowning the entire way back. When they got back to town, she humphed and then left. *Really New Village might have Mad War's main force, but I won't let you have it easy...*

"I think she'll try to hinder us..." VastSea looked at NalanMoon's back and said quietly.

"It doesn't matter. Even if she brings together those few Flame Dragon Union and Misty Rain House members..." BlackIce, who had resurrected, crossed her arms and was not impressed.

"Let's go..." CloudDragon said after glancing at NalanMoon's back.
