---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 174"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 174: ThornyRose's Invitation**

"If there are people, then there will be conflicts..." FrozenCloud thought of a phrase she had heard in a book.

"Don't forget to meet in front of Mar's place for the reward tomorrow!" Ye Cang shouted towards NalanMoon.

"Mm..." NalanMoon didn't turn back. She actually thought very highly of Ye Cang, but this was something concerning Mad war and her own Freedom Alliance's reputation.

"Good teammate, I'll also come and help you deal with outsiders..." ThornyRose quickly pulled Ye Cang over and said with a smile.

"Mad War will be there. Whether you come or not won't make a difference..." Little Ye Tian poked her head over and said indifferently.

ThornyRose ground her teeth. *This damn girl! Has she never said something nice in her life? She's more annoying than FrozenBlood! To think I actually brought her to level...*

"Depends on the situation. We can talk about it after getting a few pieces..." Ye Cang said, thinking it over. Besides the fact that she was mentally unstable, violent, and loved to take advantage of others; she was not a bad person. Since he had come to an agreement with CloudDragon, he didn't really need to call the guards and fishmen anymore. But to go with just the few of them, it felt lacking. So taking the girls with them wasn't a bad idea.

...

Meanwhile, the big boss's appearance had become big news in Really New Village. 

"Did you guys know? It turns out the boss was summoned by brother hero..."

"What's that got to do with you? Mad War's people already have the boss surrounded. Just approaching the graveyard will spell your death..."

"Mad War is too tyrannical!"

"They are Mad War. What can you do about it? What's more, even if you went, the best you could do is watch..."

"The handcart sisters are back in town!"

"Go! There's definitely some new merchandise!"

"As expected of brother hero's group! The handcart is filled with top quality equipment..."

FrozenCloud and Little Ye Tian were once again surrounded by a crowd. They spent some time selling, then handed anything that went unsold to granny Rica to sell at her store. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he continued his gem inlaying business, continuing to rake in the gold. Lin Le patrolled around the town showing off and receiving everyone's hopeful gazes.

"Look at Mad Devil Le! That mask is too damn cool!"

"Brother Le! I want to have your child!"

"Brother Le! Carry me!"

As for Ye Cang and ThornyRose, they were in the grocery store, discussing tomorrow's plans.

ThornyRose was rolling her eyes. *F\*\*k! He actually wants us as decoration to show off!* "Do you really plan to show off so much? About Happy Firmament, have you thought of what kind of guild you'll be? What sort of scale are you aiming for?"

ThornyRose thought that Ye Cang would be the type to form a big guild and take many members. Although he was currently famous, he still lacked a good opportunity.

"Mini Guild. Probably just a couple people..." Ye Cang smiled proudly.

ThornyRose froze. *Then what do you need to show off for! This guy... this guy was simply... weird. I thought he would want to act big and arrogant.* She covered her forehead. It seemed like her thinking was still naive. She raised her head to look at Ye Cang's proud smile, and her heart felt stuffy. She sighed and said: "Whatever you want. Oh right, are you interested in playing for the clubs...?"

"What's a club?" Ye Cang blinked, looking blank. ThornyRose sighed deeply, suddenly missing having that hateful little girl around. At least, she wouldn't need to explain everything to him. "To join in the league..."

"Whats a league?" Ye Cang once again blinked blankly at her.

ThornyRose issued a string of curses in her heart. Her two fists clenched tightly. Just how ignorant is this person that claims to be a professional gamer! "It's a worldwide gaming competition organized. Just pretend it's something like a basketball tournament. There are many clubs and they all compete for a spot in the Great Christmas War and for the title of world's best. As for the rules, there are many different kinds. First there's the 2nd greatest professional competition the S rank tournament, then A rank. As for the best, it's the Chrysanthemum Cup and the Shadow Cup. The 2nd is a tournament in honor of Angelite."

"So that's what it was..." Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded. He then looked at ThornyRose and said: "I don't understand at all. I think I've heard about it before when I was changing channels on the tv..."

"..." ThornyRose's chest felt stuffy. *Knowing about the tournaments should be common sense! What the heck are you even watching on TV!? Do you not pay any attention to the competitions?* "There's money to be made! It also doesn't conflict with the game! The more you win, the more money you get. Plus, you'll be paid wages and you'll be provided insurance! You even get paid holidays!"

To someone like Ye Cang who rarely changed the channel and only watched dramas, ThornyRose felt helpless as she didn't know how to handle him. She saw that he once again stared at her blankly and then raise his head to contemplate.

Before even 1 second.

"Deal! Give~ me~ five!!" Ye Cang reached out his hand. ThornyRose had been startled by Ye Cang's sudden shout, and while between laughter and tears, she reached out to clap his hand. *This guy, what is going on in his head? What did he think about in that tiny amount of time? Does he even understand what we're talking about!? Perhaps he wasn't even thinking from the start!* She sighed. *Whatever, I'll just discuss it with Shaking Bear and that damn girl later. This guy sometimes feels calm and collected, but other times he seems like a natural airhead and dumbass. Just what sort of outrageous thoughts goes through that head of his...* 

ThornyRose covered her forehead and then left the general store to meet up with FrozenBlood and GreenDew.

"You really plan to allow them into the club?" FrozenBlood asked.

ThornyRose nodded. "Our lineup is really too weak, and they're really promising. We're especially lacking in types like Zhang ZhengXiong. Most importantly, we're almost out of time. If we don't decide on our lineup soon, then we'll have to wait till next year. Have you talked to SpyingBlade?"

"He said he would think it over..." FrozenBlood nodded. The current Thorns and Roses really was desperate, like Rose had said. Most of the outstanding athletes had already been taken by the 4 great guilds as well as the few other strong guilds. Although some of the remaining athletes were not bad, however... none of them were ideal. They had delayed choosing up till now, so their lineup didn't have enough players. If they continued to delay, when the competition comes around, it would turn out just like last time. Last time, they had to have Little Jade and the others substitute. Although they were also professional players, but there was still quite a gap compared to a true competition player.

"When we have time, show them the unused characters and let them try it out..." ThornyRose said, then received a contract that Little Ye Tian had sent over. *This girl...*

FrozenBlood faintly smiled, a feeling of expectation welling up. What will Thorns and Roses be like after adding this new blood...
