---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 175"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 175: Pair of Heroes**

"Bro, we can also join in the competition...?" Zhang ZhengXiong smiled.

"I heard from her that we can make money and that there wouldn't be any conflict so I agreed. Little Tian, how do you feel about it?" Ye Cang looked at his his capable little helper daughter and asked.

"We're just an emergency measure. In the past 2 seasons, a few of Thorns and Roses' main force retired, and they originally didn't have many people. Adding to that, they wasted too much time early on, leading to them being short on strength this season. The season is about to start, so they're having trouble finding good athletes and they're beginning to feel a bit anxious..." Lin Le nodded at Little Tian's analyses and added in: "So that's how it is. I understand..."

Little Ye Tian glared at Lin Le. *There's no way you understand!* She continued to say: "Thorns and Roses is considered middle rank among the clubs. Their change in players was a bit sudden so they are currently at a low point. If we join, we'll probably have many chances to appear, but we'll have to see what characters they have left for us."

"We can talk about it later, let's eat breakfast first..." Ye Cang saw that it was about time. Everyone logged off to eat breakfast.

Ye Cang got up and saw breakfast was already made as well as a note beside it. "The band is rehearsing. Be back at night. I've made curry and put it in the fridge. Heat it up yourself for lunch and dinner..."

The four of them ate their breakfast and then left their cottage to enjoy the breeze. Zhang ZhengXiong brought Lin Le and Little Ye Tian on a jog for exercise. Then, they all went back into the game.

Really New Village's events were also the focus of the other beginner villages. They were currently all discussing what the first big event boss would drop. Everyone was curious, jealous, and looking forwards to the conflict. For example, the fight between the 4 great guilds had already gone for so long without a conclusion, that it had already become a truth.

Really New Village Town Hall.

Ye Cang brought everyone to go receive their rewards. As for CloudDragon, he had already brought his people, received their rewards, and then returned his attention to the big event boss. They could only accept success, failure wasn't an option, because all of china, even the whole world, were all focused here. Mad War couldn't afford to mess this up.

"That skeleton demon, can you and iron fists handle it?" Mar asked worried.

"It won't be a problem. Iron Fist has many people..." Ye Cang shrugged.

"That's good. Here's your reward. You should hurry and go prepare. The people around there are becoming anxious..." Mar said, then sat down and returned to his documents.

"Congratulations. You've completed one of the main quests 'The Evil Wizard Must Die'. Received 2300 experience, a random class talent, a random common talent, a random class skill, 1 skill point, 10 gold coins, 5 gold bars, and a small emerald."

"Congratulations. You've received the class talent - Ranged Master (Super Rare - Beginner Level): +12 Dexterity, +6 Ranged Weapon Proficiency, +2% Accuracy correction."

"Congratulations. You've received the common talent - Rapid Reflex (Rare - Beginner Level): +5 Dexterity, +5 Reflex, +3% Movement speed."

"Congratulations. You've received the class skill - Multishot (Super Rare - Beginner Level): Shoot an enchanted arrow that will split into 4, each dealing 75% damage. Cost: 9 mana. Cooldown: 30 seconds."

ThornyRose was happy. The rewards for the quests so far have been exceptionally generous, and they even had the werewolf quest leftover. Most importantly, this time, she had actually received an epic grade class talent. It added a percentage of her defence to her damage! FrozenBlood also received an epic grade one, while GreenDew got a super rare talent, but she didn't know how it was in that damn lowlife's party.

Ye Cang was feeling pretty good since he had received a super rare talent. He turned and looked at the things Lin Le had obtained.

Rule No.1 of Alulu's Forceful Marketing - The Truth is in the Fist (Heroic - Beginner Level): +10 Heavy Weapons Proficiency, +15 Strength, Damage is Increased by 35% of Strength, every attack has a chance to be a crushing blow which deals an additional 50% damage.

PS: The Great Violent Merchant - Alulu, born in the Steel Empire. One of the continents greatest armed travelling merchants. Used a hammer made out of a meteorite - Heavens Fall. Incredibly violent and short tempered. Once forced the black dragon to buy rotten vegetables with his treasures. Forced a lich to buy shoddy holy texts. Provided the allied forces a great amount of equipment during the Calamity Wars. Also risked their life to crush a natural disaster stone monster on the Chilling Wind Mountains that no one else could destroy, buying the army much needed time. One of the greatest contributors to the Calamity Wars. History's Most Violent Merchant - Alulu.

"If you open the door to realize Alulu was there to trade... Mm... Be ready to lose your family fortunes..." - Wandering Minstrel

Ye Cang raised his brows. It was a talent belonging to a hero, like his own. Lele's attack power had increased even further. Moreover, his common talent was also a super rare physical type. It gave him +5 Strength and Constitution. As for the skill... Handcart Charge? The effects were pretty good. Next he looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and saw his gloomy appearance. He probably received another aura. "Bro, if there's an active skill in the future, you have to buy it for me. That's my only wish..."

Andarl's Light (Heroic - Beginner Level): Aura effects are increased by 30%. For every aura you possess, gain +5% to all attributes.

Aura of Toughness (Epic - Beginner Level): +9 Defence, +9 Constitution, +7 Strength, +5% Movement Speed.

Strong Willed (Super Rare - Beginner Level): +10% Will.

PS: The glorious knight - Andarl. One of the five great paladins of the holy church. He lead the allied force through the Moonlit Dream Forest and obtained the first victory against the calamity. He fought against the water spirit of the moonlit lake - Rincada and was defeated, but used the last of his holy power to perish together, once again making a great contribution to the allied forces.

"When Andarl is beside you, you will find you're more powerful than you imagine..."

ThornyRose once again noticed that her health had risen by a lot! Zhang ZhengXiong's auras pretty much raised her health by 70%. There was even 12 defence. This was too abnormal! GreenDew smiled bitterly. The aura actually more than doubled her health.

Little Ye Tian and FrozenCloud both received epic grade class talents and skills, as well as a rare common talent.

Paladin's Prayer (Epic - Beginner Level): +10 to light effects, +10 Constitution, +12 Wisdom, +10 Spell Focus.

Blessing of Glory (Epic - Beginner Level): Chant 10 bars and 5 verses (25 seconds) to bless surrounding friendly forces with +10% all stats for 1 hour. Cost: 30 mana. Cooldown: none.

Intelligent (Rare - Beginner Level): +5 Intelligence, +2% Will.
