---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 176"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: So I've made a big change. Ye Cang's class changed from Knight -> Ranger. 

---

### Chapter 176: Guarding the Cemetery

As for FrozenCloud.

Combo Master (Epic - Beginner Level): +10 Strength, +10 Dexterity, +15% damage for each skill in the combo.

Qi - Collapsing Fist (Epic - Beginner Level): Spend 50 qi to perform a fierce palm strike against the target, dealing 275% damage with +30 penetration. Furthermore, has a chance to stun or knockback. Cooldown: 2 minutes.

Toughness (Rare - Beginner Level): +5 Defence, +5 Constitution. 

Ye Cang's party passed all their gold, gold bars, and gems to Little Ye Tian. ThornyRose's eyes became green with greed as she looked at Little Ye Tian. *Just how much gold is in that damn girl's inventory...*

Neither of the two teams asked about each other's talents and skills. ThornyRose called all the Thorns and Roses members to meet up in town. Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le then acted all high and mighty, bringing everyone to march towards the cemetery.

"Look! Really New Village's 3 brothers are leading the Thorns and Roses girls out! Let's go watch!!"

"Brother Hero, Brother Big Diamond, Brother Mad Devil Le... please bring me along! I'll warm your bed!"

CloudDragon received news that Ye Cang had begun to move. The cemetery would definitely become a battleground. Flame Dragon Union, Freedom Alliance and Misty Rain House would all send people to interfere. They were probably all waiting for the boss fight to start. He would also have to guard against Falling Star and the Monarchs. He sneered, everyone just couldn't not pay attention to the 4 guilds.

...

"Big sister, about interfering with the boss. Most of Mad War's main forces are there. Wanting to snatch it is impossible... How are those three rising-stars?" NalanPureSoul communicated to NalanMoon.

"I know... Mm... CloudDragon promised to give them half, excluding the Guild Charter that might drop..." NalanMoon replied.

"What do you think of those 3 guys?" NalanPureSoul knew clearly how fierce CloudDragon was. Even if the two of them fought, the results would be hard to predict, but CloudDragon's odds of success were a bit higher.

"It's still the early parts of the game, but PaleSnow reacts very well in all situations whether it be with ranged, magic, or melee. He is amongst the top rank in every one of them for this part in the game. He really is an all-rounder who can switch freely. He also has a useful but disgusting cooking skill, but his personality is vile. His two brothers are also extremely strong. The paladin called HeavenShakingMight has auras that could grant a large increase to health, and he has a threatening presence. He was able to confront CloudDragon without being suppressed. Moreover, he's a blacksmith. As for HappyAndCheerful, he now has a full set, making him extremely OP. He's a pure strength Heavy Weapon's user. When he fought with YellowSprings, YellowSprings was suppressed by him with just one hand. He also has a profession, he should be some sort of alchemist. Moreover, they aren't just 3. There's also a spellcasting type paladin girl. Her calculating ability is one of the best I've ever seen. She also seems to have a retentive memory, and can map and visualise structures in her head. With a glance, she's able to calculate the speed and trajectory of a projectile..." NalanMoon arranged and reported the data she had gathered on the three brothers as well as Little Ye Tian.

"Looks like this season, there will be some interesting newbies. I've also met some rather surprising new players here. I'll leave everything regarding Really New Village to you, big sister..." NalanPureSoul said with a smile.

"Mm..." NalanMoon ended the call.

...

Ye Cang and the others were acting grandiose as they met up with CloudDragon. The skeletal demon was continuously raising more undead in the distance. Ye Cang waved towards CloudDragon. "Brother CloudDragon, we've come to cheer for you!!"

CloudDragon looked unhappily at him, then turned towards Zhang ZhengXiong. One of the reasons why he agreed to give them half, besides the guards, was that this paladin's auras could improve the whole team by a level. They added each other as friendly forces, and then suddenly all the members who were within range of the aura gasps in amazement. *Damn, our health is doubled!* CloudDragon also froze. He received another aura reward! Not to mention that he's able to stack all these auras, the attributes also increased. That paladin, although he didn't have many skills, however, he must have talents related to auras! Ye Cang's group attracted the attention of everyone. They looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's dumb expression, Ye Cang's indifferent smile, and Li Le's foolish airheaded look. If they attracted any more attention, they would be crushed under all the gazes.

Ye Cang's party along with ThornyRose arrived at CloudDragon's side.

"Brother CloudDragon, what plans do you have for us?" Ye Cang asked with a smile.

"You, HappyAndCheerful, as well as Thorns and Roses will guard the east side. Help clean up any evil doers who might come. The two paladins will join us in the boss fight..." CloudDragon knew that Ye Cang's ranged damage was ferocious, but what he cared about more than that was his PVP ability. He had so many skills including movement and stealth skills. ThornyRose too, as one of the top 5 tanks, her PVP ability was among the best. As for the two paladins, one could raise everyone's health and survivability with auras, and the other was support who had area healing and shielding which was rare at this time. Having these two for the boss fight was a must. As for HappyAndCheerful, there was no one better at fighting against crowds than this heavy weapons user.

ThornyRose nodded. CloudDragon's arrangements were very reasonable. This sort of big event boss wasn't something that one or two strong players could affect. The usual method was just to throw people at it. Although the more people around, the stronger the boss will be, however, they would be able to send a constant stream of people to fight it.

"Alright. A'Xiong, Little Tian, you two go help. Me, Lele, and Lil'Dino will go guard over there." Ye Cang said, then left Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian. He went with ThornyRose towards the east.

BlackIce saw Lin Le walk past her, completely disregarding her. "Hey..."

Lin Le turned around. His big eyes behind the bone mask blinked doubtfully. "Who're you..."

"You..." BlackIce's chest felt stuffy. YellowSprings quickly pulled her away. *That midget doesn't make any sense. No one knows what might set him off and make him kill BlackIce. Now that the midget has gathered the set, it is now certain that I will be completely suppressed.*

Lin Le shrugged, and continued walking while being worshipped by his fangirls. GreenDew looked sympathetically at BlackIce, and then sighed.

"I don't know which guild will come to cause trouble on this side, but I hope it's not the people from the Flame Dragon Union. I've received so much of their money, so I'd feel bad for killing them..." ThornyRose said with a smile, her longsword stabbed into the ground beside a grave.

Ye Cang also smiled and sat on a metal fence. He raised his head to look at the hazy sky. "It's going to rain..."

"Brother Lil'White, can I just kill anyone who comes to cause trouble?" Lin Le jogged over with his big sword resting on his little shoulders, and asked with an innocent smile.

"Well... theoretically that's how it should be." Ye Cang reached out to pet Lin Le's head.
