---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 177"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 177: Battle in the Cemetery**

Lin Le pouted his lips and stared towards the eastern road.

Ye Cang smiled indifferently and continued to gaze towards the oppressive gray sky. He recalled that on that day, the weather was also like this. He had brought a silver ring that he bought himself, and was full of hope, wanting to give it to her, but all he saw was her silhouette falling from a great height, and then a burst of blood. He had felt his heart being crushed, and before he knew it, he had walked to the scene. The rain poured down heavily. All he could do was hold her tightly, and talk about how they'd always be together as he rushed her to the hospital...

"A'Cang, by the time you see this letter, I would have already left for a far away place. I also didn't want things to turn out this way, but I even more don't want to involve you two. It's already too late for me. I'll leave A'Xiong to you. Help me take good care of him. Sorry... Love, Xue."

Ye Cang smiled painfully. *You actually left so easily like you said you would...*

ThornyRose saw the deep-rooted grief in Ye Cang's expression, and became curious, but she didn't say anything. Her brows furrowed: "They're here!"

Ye Cang snapped out of his thoughts, and took a deep breath. He reached out his hand and drew his ranger's heavy bow, pulling it into a crescent. He used a stone tablet as cover, and his Eagle Eye's saw through the shadows of the forest. "It's those few that you brought to the volcano..."

ThornyRose smiled bitterly. "It really turns out to be the Flame Dragon Union. Is NalanMoon amongst them...?"

"Haven't seen her yet..." Ye Cang shook his head.

"ColdFront, what a coincidence..." ThornyRose said as she saw the long haired man who was walking out of the shadows. 

The man who was called ColdFront, was Flame Dragon Union's representative in Really New Village. He had brought HeavensDomain and BlackLin<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> to participate in the Freedom Alliance's battle against Mad War. Right now, he was furrowing his brows, looking at Ye Cang. "It turns out..."

A black shadow flew over, and a pouty voice arrived: "Kill! You villains who want to steal our boss, accept this righteous Lele's punishment!"

"..." ThornyRose froze. Lele's timing to attack was as incomprehensible as always. She quickly took the lead to charge after him. "Go! Ranged, attack! Melee, charge! Don't let them pass!!"

Lin Le performed an Execute in the air, directly killing HeavensDomain who tried to block for ColdFront. The sword cut straight through him, chopping him in half, stunning everyone. Even ThornyRose was a bit stunned. Although HeavensDomain was just a substitute at the Flame Dragon Union's club, he was still strong. Who would have thought he would be taken out so easily by Lele. He had moved to cover ColdFront and got completely steamrolled...

Lin Le landed, and then slashed with a spin. ColdFront was in a difficult situation and could only roll away frantically. He felt both grief and shock as he got up and immediately jumped back, getting out of Lin Le's range. The surrounding melee players quickly rushed up to surround him.

Lin Le activated his set's aura, then reversed his grip on his sword and stabbed it into the ground. The land 30 meters around him became wilted, and a shadowy aura bubbled out from his body, making him look like a demon.

ThornyRose smiled bitterly as she watched all the enemies charge towards Lin Le. Those melee classes couldn't even dent his HP. The more people there were, the harder Lele would be to kill. When there were many people around, that aura was just OP, not to mention his big sword's ability also restores health.

ColdFront, who was forced to escape, was even more bitter. The range of this skill was just too big. He did the best he could to withdraw to the side, but Lin Le pressed on unceasingly. It was really one hit one kill. He just fought there amongst the crowd, his ring also continuously restoring his health based on his damage. The results of the battle quickly became apparent! Whirlwind strike! Like a meat grinder, he killed swathes of players. 

Ye Cang casted a Healing Stream on Lin Le, making him even more difficult to kill. His heavy bow was then fully drawn. Multishot! The main arrow stabbed into BlackLin's shoulder as she was casting, directly running through her, then splitting into multiple arrows, hitting the surrounding spellcasters. Double Shot! Under the effects of Rapid Fire, the 2nd volley came without rest, directly killing BlackLin. He saw tens of arrows flying over and quickly ducked behind cover, activated his shoes' speed boost and began running as he shot! Each arrow would take out a spellcaster! He prioritized targeting the one's about to complete their spells.

He ran to and fro, changing directions suddenly. Many arrows and fireballs flew past harmlessly until he rolled behind a tombstone and began casting Flame Burst. Flames flickered in his hand as he recalled the layout of the enemies. He suddenly stood up and threw a crackling ball of fire, which went straight towards the enemy's few archers. It exploded, creating casualties all around. The originally few archers now had only a couple left. All this time, ThornyRose and her people were in a fierce melee, doing their best to lure the enemies into Lin Le's range.

Ye Cang suddenly felt a chill on his cheek. "It's raining..."

It began to rain heavily.

...

The scene changes to Zhang ZhengXiong's side.

"VastSea is dead! HeavenShakingMight, don't go up! We can't let you die! Even if you do nothing else, you need to stay alive for the aura! CloudWolf, CloudInk, you two tank together!" CloudDragon was giving commands under the pouring rain. He himself also couldn't go fight. If he were to die, this already chaotic situation would only become more chaotic!

His back suddenly felt a chill. CloudDragon quickly raised his hand and blocked a dagger that was coming at him. His brows furrowed. "It's you..."

"It's so lively, I'm just here to join in the activities..." SpyingBlade smiled. He pulled back his dagger and then suddenly leapt back behind a bush, disappearing without any signs of further activity.

The corners of CloudDragon's lips curled into a smile. He didn't bother having anyone go chase, because if they went, they would just be sending themselves to their deaths...

Zhang ZhengXiong was standing in the middle of a crowd like a battle standard, feeling bored and playing Rock Paper Scissors with Little Ye Tian. Seeing the Mad War members advancing, crashing into the boss like a wave. Once one group died, the next one would immediately take their place. It was a very desperate fight. Some would climb up to the boss's shoulders to attack, and magic continuously bombarded it. This sort of boss really isn't something a small party can handle, at least for now. He turned his head and saw CloudDragon and SpyingBlade's short fight and said with contempt: "Those two sure are boring..."

"There's no other way. SpyingBlade's speed is fast, and in this kind of situation, Fighting King can't afford to chase. This battle can't do without his commanding. On the east side, Father, Lele, and Sister Rose has already confronted the Flame Dragon Union. The live broadcast shows that Lele has already killed over 200 players..." Little Ye Tian showed him the broadcast. Zhang ZhengXiong was filled with envy. *The PVP over there looks like so much fun and I'm f\*\*king stuck here acting as a battle standard!* He directly sat down and began to watch the broadcast with Little Ye Tian.

Zhang ZhengXiong saw various comments worshipping Really New Village's three brothers scrolling by. "Tsk~ Tsk~ My bro and Lele are both blockheads. If it was me there, I'd already be surrounded by pretty girls..."

"I'm guessing that NalanMoon will come from the north side. Although there's no path, but there's a climbable hill. She'll be able to directly deal heavy damage to the members fighting the boss." CloudDragon heard Little Ye Tian's words, and thought it over. *What she said is correct. It turns out that this girl is also not as simple as she seems. She seemed to have the mind of a strategist, able to be aware of the entire battlefield.* "YellowSprings, bring people to the northern hills and guard it well. Failure is not an option!"

"Leave it to me..." YellowSprings narrows his eyes and smiled as he brought some people and left.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Some of you might be familiar with the Qilin, a mythological chinese creature which is a hybrid between dragon and bull. The male version is called Qi while the Female is Lin which is where the Lin from her name comes from.