---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 178"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 178: The Chaotic Battle Heats Up!**

YellowSprings brought a couple thousand elite members of Mad War to the northern hill's highest point, and sneered at NalanMoon and the Misty Rain House members below. "If not for that little girl, we would have been sneak attacked. I never even knew there was a way up this place. Kill them for me! Victory for our king! The world is Mad War's!"

"Didn't you say this place was hidden and Mad War's people wouldn't discover us!?" The Really New Village spokesperson of Misty Rain House, WillowDream, frowned and said in a heavy voice. It had turned into a head-on fight! And the terrain was disadvantageous for them!

NalanMoon's heart sank. *They shouldn't have discovered this place...* They were already halfway up the hill. They could neither advance nor retreat. They could only fight! "Kill our way up!"

WillowDream also knew they were pushed into a corner. Retreat? their guild's prestige would be damaged. Advance? It would be hard to break through YellowSprings' blockade, yet they could only keep climbing. At least the losses would be bearable. She shouted out in a tender voice: "Charge!"

The two sides were on the verge of colliding! A chaotic battle began. YellowSprings sneered as he watched from a high vantage point. He saw that all the troops were continuing to come up. *They're coming? It won't be so easy...*

...

Back on the other side where Ye Cang had become the number 1 kill priority due to him moving in and out, killing countless mages and support classes. ColdFront sent 100 elites to surround and kill him. He couldn't spare too many because he was already short on people to deal with ThornyRose and the others. There was also Lele, that unkillable meat-grinder. He could only continue to grieve. Just what is this Mad Devil Le! Surrounding him would just be sending people to their death. They could only watch as he continued to massacre them, completely suppressing them. Even control skills didn't have much effect. Avoid him? Anyone who retreated would be treated as priority targets by him. This battle... he had already killed 300 people!! As for mages, that knight had already killed many tens of them, as well as many archers. The already phew people capable of using control skills became even fewer. There was no longer enough!

ThornyRose was analyzing the battle and noticed that ColdFront had sent 100 elite to kill that damn lowlife. She sneered. *That bastard has so many ways to save his own life, it's disgusting.* Her shield blocked an arrow, as she slashed out at an assassin and side stepped to the side to avoid a fireball.

The battle on both sides were becoming exceptionally fierce. *China's number one guild is really worth of being number 1. Just the few members they have in this village is enough to force us to use all our strength. ColdFront is also a very cool headed commander.*

Ye Cang ran as he shot behind him. With his speed, his pursuers could only eat dust as they were played to death by him. Multishot! He stopped for a bit, and aimed a Precise Shot! Each of his arrows would pierced through 2 or 3 people, of course not counting those which were blocked by shield or crashed into graves.

Lin Le had already killed till his eyes were red. Angry Little Bull Mode! Activate! His nose flared as he exhaled. His sword danced, every swing being a certain kill. As the number of players around him increased, he activated Whirlwind Strike! He spun, killing a path for himself, then leapt, jumping deeper into the enemy ranks. A dark glow began bubbling forth from his sword. "Netherworld Shock!!"

The violent netherworld energy immediately slayed everything up to 10 meters ahead of him. Those lucky ones who survived were still sent flying far into the distance! He once again opened up a big path. He dragged his big sword as he continued to charge towards ColdFront. He seemed really impressive as he charged his way into tens of thousands of enemies to claim the general's head. "Don't run! Get over here and let me chop you!!"

ColdFront saw the aftermath of Lin Le's attack, and froze. *What the heck is that!? Is that a skill that should be in a beginner village!!?*

ThornyRose gasped. Set skills really are awesome... However, the skill's cooldown was very long. She watched Lin Le who looked like an excited bull charging towards ColdFront, and thought: *That guy has a headache coming. It might be alright if there were only a few people, but with that set effect in this crowd of players that might not even have 2 skills, they won't be able to stop him...*

Ye Cang sighed. He had exhausted most of his arrows, leaving only a couple left. He drew his swordstaff, and walked towards the people charging to kill him while his mouth chanted a Tidal Wave spell. He saw that tens of people had already right before his eyes, so he raised his hand, and pushed. A wall of water shot forwards, slaying all in it's way. He furrowed his brows and raised his swordstaff, blocking the dagger and longsword Triple Strike that came out of nowhere. He helplessly said: "Brother SpyingBlade, how can you be like this. No matter what, we're still good friends..."

"I just wanted to see if you were a clone, it turns out you're the real one..." SpyingBlade said, putting away his weapon.

*Eh, isn't this guy too vengeful. All I did was try to stab him once in the fairy's illusion.* Ye Cang sighed, completely oblivious to the hell he put everyone through. "Go find CloudDragon by yourself, I'm going to go help Lele..."

SpyingBlade shrugged, once again disappearing among the nearby trees.

Ye Cang smiled, pulled out his knight's longbow, and used his eagle eyes to see through the shadows of the trees, locking onto SpyingBlade. *I'll teach you to sneak attack me!* He drew his bow to a full draw, Precise Shot!

SpyingBlade felt a chill on his back. *That bastard! Simply no morals! He actually attacks my back!* He thought, completely ignorant of the fact that he had also just performed a sneak attack. With each of them ignoring their own faults, the situation was rapidly becoming unstable. *It's here!* Clang~! His two weapons crossed, blocking the powerful arrow. As expected from the strength of a heavy bow, his hands felt numb from the collision.

"Brother SpyingBlade, be careful! There's an enemy beside you! Oops, my bad, I saw wrong... My bad, my bad..." Ye Cang quickly put on an apologetic smile and shouted.

*Scum that shoots people in the back! You actually want to hurt me!* SpyingBlade thought to himself, then in a few big strides, he disappeared off into the distance towards CloudDragon's location.

*Scum that stabs people in the back! You dare sneak attack me!* Ye Cang humphed, and headed towards the trees on the other side, making his way to ColdFront's location.

FrozenBlood had originally planned to come help, but discovered that Ye Cang had already taken care of his pursuers, and couldn't help but sigh in amazement. *This guy's all-rounded abilities are difficult to accept. To be able to switch between bow and magic so quickly. Also, against SpyingBlade's sneak attack, he showed sharp senses and calm judgement. Good guy!* Then she saw Ye Cang's arrow shoot out. She could only speechlessly blush in shame. He was also too black bellied and vengeful. She followed behind him as he left...

As soon as they entered the patch of trees, his hunter passive became active, giving him even more speed and Dexterity. With his increased speed, he quickly arrived at the cluster of trees closest to Lin Le's position. From there, he observed the battle.

ColdFront frowned. *Where is that knight?* He was buried in anxiety this entire battle, especially with that Mad Devil Le killing his way ever closer. Without any better option, he could only keep moving away and keep throwing people over to stall for time, hoping that NalanMoon's side was faring better. At this time, news of the other battlefields arrived, and his frown deepened. *NalanMoon's side was ambushed? Didn't she say that the success rate would be high!? Even Lord's Reign and Falling Star Pavilion have been blocked by Mad War.* He clenched his teeth, eyes full of unwillingness. *If only the main force was here... then...*
