---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 179"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 179: First Signs of Victory**

Ye Cang locked onto ColdFront who was tightly surrounded, with many obstacles blocking the way... He moved to another spot. *This spot's not bad. There are 5 around people in the way. It's guaranteed to pierce through one guy so, 4 left.* From his bag, he pulled out the heavy crossbow and steadied it. Precise Shot! A huge bolt flew out of the crossbow!

ColdFront was becoming increasingly anxious. He felt like prey being watched by a predator. The feeling wasn't coming from Mad Devil Le either. *Not good!* He quickly stepped back, but was still too late. The heavy bolt instantly pierced through his left shoulder. ColdFront gasped, he had almost died instantly! He looked at the fighters in front of him who were pierced and killed. That attack power was even after a couple people helped him to delay and block. He looked at the nearby bolt which was stuck in the ground. "A heavy caliber crossbow!"

Ye Cang sighed. He actually didn't die. It would now be much more difficult to kill him from range. Flame Burst wasn't good at penetrating through crowds. He instead drew his swordstaff and charged out of the patch of trees. Lin Le saw his silhouette and began to work even harder bulldozing his way through. He leaped, and landed in Ye Cang's path and began clearing the way. Ye Cang was like a cheetah, speeding through the crowd of people, easily dodging past shield bashes and sword slashes, not stopping, going straight to his goal. What about the wall of people? A sword slashed, and the wall of people was decimated. "Brother Lil'White! Hurry this way!"

Ye Cang activated his shoes's speed boost and sped through the opening Lin Le had made. The two of them made their way into the heart of the enemy formations. ColdFront continuously retreated. His health was too low! He took out an expensive health potion, and drank it. Although he was now healed, his two pursuers had accumulated too much strength for this point in the game! He felt like a chicken while they were cranes.

"Lele, the distance is about right. Handcart Charge! Clear the way!" Ye Cang said as his swordstaff killed the surrounding people. He complimented Lin Le's actions exceptionally well.

Lin Le summoned his handcart and grabbed it with two hands. The handcart was like a wild bull, as it rushed forwards, smashing through all the people that attempted to block or attack it. Ye Cang followed closely behind. ColdFront broke into cold sweat. *What kind of skill is that! Is that handcart a bulldozer!?* Ye Cang calculated the distance. Once he felt they were close enough, he activated Flame Blade! Dashing Straight Thrust! A silver flaming meteor flashed, instantly closing the distance. ColdFront thought to himself: *So fast! This must be the movement skill he used when fighting CloudDragon. No, it was even faster than that time!* He raised his shortsword to block, and then quickly retreated but was still hit 3 times before finally blocking Ye Cang's last attack. He then activated his life saving skills, and kicked off the ground, appearing a couple meters away. He had gotten away just in time to avoid the feathers shooting out of Ye Cang's coat. He shouted as he continued to escape: "Block him for me!" 

Ye Cang laughed coldly. A wave gushed forth from his palm, once again clearing the way, allowing him to continue chasing. He drew his bow, grabbed an arrow, then in one smooth motion, he activated Rapid Fire + Multishot + Double Shot! They shot straight at ColdFront.

ColdFront saw that the people rushing to block for him wouldn't make it in time. In the end, a few assassins had to sacrifice themselves to save him. His heart sank. *That guy's spell power is too high. Moreover, he's not only fast but his melee ability isn't ordinary, and he can even use both a heavy crossbow and longbow. Whether it's with the point of a sword or the point of an arrow, he's strong.*

Ye Cang easily placed his bow on his back while pulling out his sword. He quickly began clearing the way, chasing for the kill. If Lin Le was a courageous barbarian with a greatsword, Ye Cang made others feel like he was as light and elusive as a falling leaf. At this time, a ghostly silhouette suddenly charged past, passing through everyone's body, charging straight at ColdFront.

Ye Cang faintly smiled. It was Lele's Spirit Walk...

ColdFront suddenly turned back to see a transparent figure charging towards him, as if it were a ghost. It's head had a skeletal design which seemed to contain a cruel smile. *Not good! My body won't move! It's a fear effect!*

While in the middle of spirit walk, Lin Le activate the masks ability the moment ColdFront turned back to look at him, and it succeeded! ColdFront could only watch as the ghostly figure came up to him and a large sword flashed. It was as if the death god was swinging his scythe. Execute! His life directly fell to 0 as his head fell to the ground...

ThornyRose smiled bitterly. *He really took his head. The effects of Execute sure is bloody...*

"Lele, let's kill our way back. Open a path..." Ye Cang arrived beside Lele in a few steps. He looked indifferently at the Flame Dragon Union members who were downcasted and low on morale.

"Brother Lil'White! Mm! You minions, get out of the way! Get lost!" Lin Le began walking while swinging that terrifying large sword. Ye Cang dragged his swordstaff as he walked leisurely behind him. His face, from start to finish, showed an indifferent smile, however, to the enemies, it was a truly horrifying expression. This was brother Hero and brother Mad Devil Le of Really New Village's Three Brothers... Too strong... 

ColdFront, who had just resurrected, sighed. There wasn't any point in fighting anymore, so he gave the command to retreat. "Everyone in the cemetery, retreat!"

The heavy rain had stopped, and the clouds had parted revealing the sun which was beginning to set. Ye Cang looked towards the distant cemetery, lost in thought. "Brother Hero and Brother Mad Devil Le..."

He couldn't help smiling bitterly.

ThornyRose saw that the other side had retreated, and looked at the leisurely Ye Cang. *These two guys would definitely be famous now. Lele must have killed at least 600 people by himself, the perfect example of one sword suppressing everyone under the heavens. He had even teamed up well with PaleSnow to assassinate the enemy general, ColdFront. As for that damn lowlife, it doesn't even need to be said. Pretty much all the enemy mages, support, and archers were dealt with by him. He killed 300 people and even sniped BlackLin. He single handedly manipulated the battlefield. The net is already going wild.*

"Really New Village's Brother Mad Devil Le! Too damn awesome! It's this early in the game and he can already kill a thousand people!!"

"Have you not seen what he's wearing? It probably a full set. He's armed to his behind..."

"Mm, it's definitely a set. He took so many attacks yet it didn't even tickle... Looking at brother Le reminds me of Angelite. It's been so long since we've had this kind of Heavy Weapons athlete..."

"To dominate the heavens with one sword, and finish off ColdFront together with Brother Hero. This battle was too brilliant!"

"Humph~ Didn't they only defeat a branch of the Flame Dragon Union. It's not even the main force. Stop making it such a big deal..."

"F\*\*k you. Don't complain unless you have the skills. Otherwise, let's see you go fight hundreds of people. You can't? Then stop spouting bullsh\*t!"

"Don't argue. That knight - brother hero, is really worthy of being the head of the three brothers. Pretty much all the spellcasters, support, and ranged died in his hands. Even BlackLin was sniped to death by him. ColdFront was also almost instantly killed by his heavy crossbow. Did you see ColdFront's expression at that time? He looked like he almost peed himself. He probably wasn't even left with 10 health. That potion he drank was definitely not cheap, otherwise how would he have so much health left. They lost big this time."
