---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 180"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 180: Guild Disk**

"Most importantly, that feeling of leisurely strolling through an army of ten thousand people makes them look so domineering. This is the image I got of Brother Le and Brother Hero..."

One showed Lin Le raising his sword high. His body was surrounded by netherworld energies and his two eyes were red, making him look like the Devil. Another showed Ye Cang, leisurely walking through the army of ten thousand after killing ColdFront, lazily dragging his swordstaff behind him. His indifferent smile was like that of a grim reaper's...

"Brothers, the first picture was clearly taken by a Flame Dragon Union member before his death. The later was from one of the spectators after the battle. How can they both be yours?"

"Eh... alright, I admit I was the first one who was insta-killed by Brother Le before even getting close. The other was from a guildmate who hid among the crowd..."

"Eh... actually, Thorns and Roses also performed spectacularly. ThornyRose's commanding abilities are really excellent. To take the lead to charge, being able to control the battlefield, and making it so that ColdFront couldn't divide his attention. Everyone only sees bits and pieces, but the one who really decided the results of the battle was ThornyRose. She even killed quite a few people, at least over a hundred."

"Indeed. The beauties of Thorns and Roses were all very valorous..."

...

"My bro and Lele are so awesome. Not good. I also need to find a few hundred people to fight! Otherwise, what will happen to my reputation as one of Really New Village's three brothers!" The battle standard, Zhang ZhengXiong, was so jealous that he was just a bit away from rolling around and throwing a tantrum like a little kid.

"Brother A'Xiong, you can't leave here. Just sit down and watch. Everyone will remember you devoting yourself to help in this battle..." Little Ye Tian quickly comforted him.

"Hah~ Last time they fought in the town, I wasn't able to enter the spotlight either..." Zhang ZhengXiong crossed his arms and sighed. All his skills were damn auras, meant for supporting big groups. He had luckily been able to get a heroic talent, yet it was still related to auras. The only good thing was that it gave a good bonus to his attributes, giving him 5% bonus per active aura.

CloudDragon continued to command the battle while watching the video of the fight. *Just like I thought, that guy will be problematic.* His sight then turned to Lin Le. *A set is a set... If I had it...* He shook his head, and looked back at the skeletal demon which was approaching the final phase. Under his large attacks, many would die, but this boss wasn't one which they couldn't defeat with numbers.

SpyingBlade also realized this. He shrugged and left the cemetery. The results were already clear.

After Mad War's experts, along with YellowSprings came, NalanMoon and WillowDream were blocked and could no longer proceed up the hill. They could only unwillingly retreat. In the end, the combined efforts of the other guilds couldn't do much against Mad War. On the contrary, they actually ended up giving Mad War and Ye Cang's group more fame.

"Let's go, over to Fighting King..." ThornyRose watched as Ye Cang spoke and he shook the water out of his wet hair. "This side is taken care of. It's about time to go back, the other side should also be almost done."

At this time, the red sunset peaked through the dark clouds. With his back to the sunset, ThornyRose thought Ye Cang looked particularly different. Especially that vague, indifferent smile which could barely be seen. "Mm..."

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'White! I killed so many villains!" Lin Le said excitedly.

"Good, let's go back..." Ye Cang reached out and ruffled Lin Le's wet hair.

The two of them faced Zhang ZhengXiong's direction and made their way over. ThornyRose watched their back and faintly smiled. "Where did you go earlier?"

"I was originally going to go help Team Leader, however, he settled everything himself. He even had a confrontation with SpyingBlade. I'm now sure that he's naturally evil..." FrozenBlood muttered.

*Aren't you the same!* ThornyRose glared at her, then turned to follow, wrapping an arm around her fellow victim, Little Green.

"Brother Hero! Please pet my head!!"

"Brother Le! I want to bear your child!"

ThornyRose sighed. *These girls...*

Zhang ZhengXiong saw Ye Cang and Lin Le approaching while surrounded by a crowd. He began biting his nails, and said enviously: "I'll definitely learn a strong killing move! This can't go on! I only have these common ones."

"Eh..." Little Ye Tian shrugged. Actually, in the group, Brother A'Xiong's contributions were the greatest. Those auras were indispensable.

"Brother CloudDragon. It's not over yet?" Ye Cang called out.

"Almost..." CloudDragon said, barely turning to look.

Ye Cang watched the spectacular sight of players throwing themselves at the boss. It looked like the boss would soon be swarmed to death.

"HappyAndCheerful, you go loot the corpse. Everyone prepare to back up!!" CloudDragon shouted. All the players methodically backed away from the dying boss. "Go..."

The moment those words were spoke, ThornyRose grasped Ye Cang tightly. Even FrozenCloud prepared to intercept him, just incase.

"......." BlackIce broke out in cold sweat.

"You should let me loot this boss! Brother CloudDragon! Don't you want a guild whatever!? I'll definitely get you one! Moreover, I'll even get a divine artifact!! Believe me!!" Ye Cang shouted as he struggled.

"Don't speak nonsense. Not to mention this lady's people, tens of thousands fought so hard for this. If it was all ruined by you, you'll be accepting this entire crowd's punishment..." ThornyRose said, holding onto him firmly.

CloudDragon only sighed. Finally, with everyone's help, Lin Le and CloudDragon smashed the skull of the boss.

"Congratulations, your team has slain the Tomb Skeleton Demon. Everyone obtains 2000 experience."

The system prompted that 6 items dropped. CloudDragon watched urgently as Lin Le's innocent eyes looked towards himself. "Did it drop?"

Lin Le simply blinked blankly.

CloudDragon immediately frowned. "Didn't drop?"

Lin Le didn't understand... so he just continued standing there blinking.

"Did it drop or not!?" CloudDragon began feeling a bit irritated.

"Drop what!? You haven't said what you want! How would I know if it dropped or not!? Are you an idiot?" Lin Le pouted.

"Eh... Did the Guild Charter drop?" CloudDragon felt his chest tighten and he took a deep breath. He had forgotten that he was talking to this kind of person.

"Eh, are you talking about this..." Lin Le took out a dark green little disk with some unknown language written on it.

Guild Plate: With this object, you can report to any village except a beginner village to establish a guild.

"Give it to me..." CloudDragon became pleased, and reached his hand out.

"Brother Lil'White! Should I give it to him!!?" Lin Le ignored him and shouted towards the recently released Ye Cang.

Ye Cang nodded. With his approval, Lin Le pouted and unwillingly handed the item over to CloudDragon. The rest were also handed over for CloudDragon to distribute.
