---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 181"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 181: Complete Set**

"According to the agreement, I'll be taking 3 pieces..." Ye Cang said calmly.

CloudDragon didn't say anything extra. He directly held out the remaining 5 items and said: "You pick one, then I'll pick. We'll alternate." 

ThornyRose was also allowed to see the equipment's attributes. It turns out they were all Distinguished quality equipment. In fact, they were approaching the next grade.

Ye Cang looked through the items and took out a large skeletal blade. As for the reason? It was because this was the true final piece of Lin Le's set.

Gauteng's Skeletal Demonblade (Distinguished - Abyss - Set)

Category: Large Blade (The blade equivalent of an oversized greatsword)

Requirements: 115 Strength (Two Handed) / 175 Strength (One Handed)

Damage: 27 - 30

+15 Strength

+10 Constitution

+10 Armor Penetration

Skeletal Demon's Rage: After activating, the next 3 attacks within 1 minute will deal double damage. Cooldown: 1 hour.

Ye Cang passed the almost 2.5 meter long blade directly to Lin Le. The enormous blade was exceptionally thick and made entirely of white bone. The edge of the blade was filled with knicks and hooks. At the hilt, was a terrifying human skull whose eye sockets still had faint ghostly flames...

Lin Le took it and equipped it horizontally behind his waist. It looked really awkward because the blade was almost a meter taller than it's wielder. Moreover, the final set effect was also revealed.

Gauteng's Skeletal Suit: +15 Defence, +10 Constitution, +10 Strength, 10% Damage Reduction.

ThornyRose looked at the large blade's attributes. It was pretty much twice as good as a normal Distinguished quality weapon! It's attack reached a massive 30! Now with this final set effect, Lin Le was practically a tank! There was no doubt who had the best equipment in the game.

CloudDragon saw that the set's visual effect had become a tad stronger. *I'm afraid he's the only one who can equip that blade at this time. Does he already have 115 strength? YellowSprings was only at 70 something. I'm also the same.* He reached out and, from the remaining four items, pulled out a pair of bone gauntlets. It's attributes were as good as Lin Le's large blade.

Ye Cang looked at the remaining 3 items. A necklace, a bone longbow, and a long sleeveless jacket. This time, he had to think it over. He was in urgent need of a new coat, but he also wanted the necklace. As for the bow, he figured CloudDragon would leave it for him, so in the end, he chose the coat and put it on. After securing the belt, he examined himself. The robe was a pale white, it's ends tattered, and the chest had a faintly visible skull image.

Skeletal Demon's Garments (Distinguished - Abyss)

Category: Light Coat

Requirements: 50 Strength, 45 Dexterity, 35 Intelligence.

+7 Defence

+8 Strength

+7 Dexterity

+5 Intelligence

+5% Will

+20 Dark Resistance

Wail: Activate to release a soul piercing wail. Surrounding enemies receive 25 sonic damage, and have a chance to be stunned or feared. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

CloudDragon saw that he had chosen the coat, and in turn, reached out to take the bone longbow. He looked at Ye Cang and saw a 'longbow, I won't be able to use you, damn villain' expression. "........."

"Give me your bow..." CloudDragon originally wanted to give the bow to DeepRepose, but sighed and instead took the necklace.

"We really are partners that understand each other..." Ye Cang took the knights heavy longbow and handed it over, then took the bone longbow.

"Get lost." CloudDragon was in a bad mood as he took the longbow.

Skeletal Devil's Sting (Distinguished - Abyss)

Category: Heavy Longbow

Requirements: 60 Strength, 55 Dexterity.

Damage: 21 - 23

+12 Strength

+10 Dexterity

+15 Penetration

+35 Range

Bone Spikes: Activate to pour the bow's skeletal powers into the arrow. The next shot will explode into 10 bone fragments, each dealing 85% damage and has a chance to pierce through targets.

ThornyRose felt somewhat speechless. These all had nothing to do with her. Although she wanted the necklace, that damn lowlife definitely wouldn't get it for her. However, it's not like she came for nothing. Her popularity among the players had risen by quite a bit, which would be advantageous during the competition. Most importantly would be the reward from the Mayor later.

Ye Cang arrived at the skeleton's enormous body, and began harvesting it. I received a pretty big pale white crystal. As for the bones, they were thrown into Lin Le's cart under everyone's frightened gazes. Everyone broke out into cold sweat. Just how much could that cart store? ThornyRose thought for a bit and figured it was about right. When he summoned the boss, he had thrown out hundreds of corpses worth of bones. It should be about the same volume as the boss.

CloudDragon faintly sighed. Here, it was only him who could take apart the corpse. He saw that the huge body had been taken apart like lego, and thought of the exceptionally clean tomb. *This guy... wherever he goes will be plucked clean. This was simply the ultimate version of public sanitation.*

"Back to town, back to down..." Ye Cang and Lin Le began walking back contently. Zhang ZhengXiong restrained his depressed feelings and followed behind. His mind was full of thoughts about killing moves and skills that could kill people. CloudDragon dismissed everyone, and they all returned to the town.

Ye Cang thought for a bit, and decided to call NalanMoon and SpyingBlade over to meet them outside of town.

"Yo, long time no see..." NalanMoon was greeted by YellowSpring's teasing smile, causing her to clench her teeth. *I'll slowly settle things with you in the future.* As for CloudDragon, he didn't say anything about PaleSnow inviting them even though they had tried to cause trouble. Afterall, he was 2nd in command at Really New Village, and NalanMoon was considered one of his people.

"You still have the nerve to come... I must be seeing things." BlackIce sneered.

"You could do with a few less words. Your guild conflicts have already ended. Now our interests once again align, so let's finish up here as soon as possible, and get to the next town." Little Ye Tian said indifferently.

Ye Cang patted NalanMoon's shoulder and said with his indifferent smile: "Let's go. You're my biggest customer..." 

NalanMoon looked at Ye Cang's smile void of any grudge, and nodded with a sigh. *He truly isn't simple.* 

At this time, Ye Cang turned and looked at SpyingBlade. "Brother SpyingBlade. As comrades, no explanations are needed..."

SpyingBlade crossed his arms and nodded. "It would be even better if you didn't shoot at my back..."

"You sneak attacked me first..."

"I'm an assassin..."

"I'm a ranged assassin..."

"I'm an expert at sneak attacks..."

"I'm an expert at ranged sneak attacks..."

"You're just trying to force your way..."

"You're morally corrupt..."

"You inferior person..."

"You ugly and vulgar person..."

"..." Everyone broke out in cold sweat. The quarrel between these two, neither one of them showed the least bit of emotion as they leisurely insulted each other.

"Alright, alright. Let's go accept the reward... don't have your insult match here." ThornyRose covered her forehead and said to the two.

Really New Village, in the town hall.

Mar looked at the enormous skull that had been pieced back together in his courtyard. *God dammit! Can these guys not be so disgusting every single time!?* "Out! Out! Out!! The reward has been given to you! The battle with the black werewolves is imminent. It should be in the coming few days. You should all go prepare. Also, get rid of this damn skull for this old man. Take these skeletal parts far away. Quickly! You seriously scared the sh\*t out of me..."

Everyone had been chased out. CloudDragon smiled bitterly thinking back to it.

"Brother CloudDragon, let's give the mayor a surprise!" Ye Cang had said. Under CloudDragon and the others' doubtful gazes, they had begun to assemble the skeletal corpse. *Is he sure the mayor will like this? It's sort of disturbing...*

When Mar had come out and seen the giant skull of the skeleton demon, he had immediately taken a step back. When he saw Ye Cang and his group's smiling expression, he had begun to scold.
