---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 183"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 183 Kilaris's Treasure**

Ye Cang's group of 5, after swaggering around town, went to the crowded fishmen village. Every daily quest would have countless people fighting to receive it in order to obtain some scales. Right now, a single scale was already worth over 10 silver, because they were the most reliable way to get skills and equipment. Most of the big guild had already gotten a steady foothold in this blue scaled village. Even the fishmen village's speed of development has been increasing. Really New Village now got fishmen peddlers. There was now even love between the races.

Ye Cang watched as a fishman warrior carried his pregnant human wife, and his brain blanked out. Just what would they give birth to... he was extremely curious. Little Ye Tian noticed his curiosity. "Given the genes, that woman's child will probably be more human, but with gills and webbed fingers. It's also possible that... the fishman's big eyes will be inherited..."

Everyone began imagining it in their heads, but quickly shook the thought away. They each split up, looking for quests or something. Ye Cang entered the head priest, Vasiyas's residence under the respectful gazes of the guards. "Sir Head Priest..."

"You don't have to be so respectful. You're our pioneer..." Vasiyas's wrinkled face relaxed. "The battle against the Black Werewolves is imminent. This piece of land will soon return to it's former peace..."

"Yeah..." Ye Cang sighed, and then remembered his purpose here. He employed the first of the 100 Godly Quest Receiving Sentences! "Cough~ Cough~ Head priest, you seem to be worried. Is something the matter?"

"......" Vasiyas looked speechlessly at Ye Cang. *Just where do you see any worry on my face!* He looked at Ye Cang blinking expectantly, and sighed. *He's probably looking to get some benefits.* "Recently... um... that... Right! The fishmen village has a legend about the past chief Kilaris. It is said that while he was living in seclusion, he hid all the treasure he collected somewhere..." 

*Treasure!? My divine hand! Mine! Divine Artifact!* Ye Cang's two eyes were suddenly filled with greed. "Where? Where!? Hurry! Tell me!!"

Vasiyas saw Ye Cang's abnormal state, and trembled. "It is said to be somewhere down Riley River. It's exact location is unknown. We only have one phrase as a clue. 'Where the twin peaks face each other, and the stars sparkle like gems under the sun and the moon.' However, it's just a legend in the tribe. No one knows if it's real. When I was young and still full of life..."

Vasiyas began to talk about his ignorant youth. He believed the legends and went searching, but got nothing out of it. He ended up being mocked by the other children in the tribe. However, he still tenaciously continued to search until he was forced to give up in order to receive the high priest position. He turned back and saw that there was already no-one there, a bead of sweat trickled down his back. "Where did the pioneer go...?"

Ye Cang had already scrammed before even hearing the entire phrase. His mouth excitedly formed the words. "Treasure, treasure..."

After meeting up with his team which included Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ye Tian, Lin Le and FrozenCloud, they began to have a secret meeting in a remote corner.

"Father, according to what the head priest said, that phrase must be the coordinates. Regarding the cliffs, even if there is a place with two cliffs, the part about the stars and the sun should mean there needs to be a specific condition or landscape. There are many possibilities, but given the fishmen's level of education, I believe it is more likely to be the coordinates of a landscape. It shouldn't be a secret code or encryption. There are two places that match the conditions..." Little Ye Tian analyzed all the information, and began to assemble a list of potential locations. She even tried various encryption methods just incase, however, it all only took a few seconds.

Little Ye Tian used the information obtained from the web to form a map of the areas their team hadn't been to. She put it all onto a map. FrozenCloud saw it and felt a burst of fear. This was the most accurate and thorough map she had ever seen. "For locations downstream, there are two places that meet the criteria..."

Zhang ZhengXiong raised a brow as he looked at the map, but only saw one place with two peaks. "Isn't there only one?"

Little Ye Tian shook her head. "There are two, but one of them collapsed hundreds of years ago. We passed by it once, which is when I discovered it. Based on the records, the treasure existed a long time ago, so we can't rule it out..."

"As expected of Little Tian... You're thinking the same as me..." Lin Le nodded approvingly. FrozenCloud looked over at him and sighed.

"Since it's like that, let's just follow Riley River and check these two places." Ye Cang said, stroking his chin then looked towards Lin Le and shouted: "Lele, if your big mouth leaks this information, I'll be confiscating the wages from Madam!!"

Lin Le quickly covered his mouth and nodded furiously.

"Ok, let's go!" Ye Cang walked excitedly at the front.

FrozenCloud was suffering over whether to inform ThornyRose... Her job was to be a spy, but as Lil'Dino, seeing Ye Cang's excitement, Zhang ZhengXiong's yawn, Little Ye Tian drawing her map, and Lin Le covering his mouth foolishly trying to keep quiet. She clenched her two fists. *I can't betray them anymore!* She finally relaxed, and pulled over Little Ye Tian who was working earnestly.

"What..." Little Ye Tian raised her brow and asked her fellow Handcart salesgirl.

"Nothing, I'm just admiring how neat your map is..." FrozenCloud smiled.

"With your IQ, it's probably difficult to understand it. It is precisely calculated to be of scale in 4 dimensions... Well even if I explained it, you wouldn't understand." Little Ye Tian gave her a glance, and then continued burying her head in her map.

The veins on FrozenCloud's forehead faintly throbbed. This girl was only cute when she didn't speak...

Meanwhile, ThornyRose was also in the fishmen village exchanging scales for skills. FrozenBlood slowly walked over. "I saw PaleSnow and the others earlier. They were acting suspiciously talking by a distant shore..."

"They were probably discussing some evil plan. Pay a bit more attention to your sister. Don't let her become stupid..." ThornyRose smiled.

"Don't even mention it. Recently I've noticed that she's become weirder and weirder. Especially her actions, I've noticed she sometimes talks to herself and giggles. Other times, she would have a troubled look, then sigh and stare out the window. This must be karma..." FrozenBlood shrugged and recalled her sister's actions during the last few days.

"Eh..." ThornyRose was speechless.
