---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 184"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 184: Discovered the Treasure

Ye Cang and the others left during the night, following Riley River. Each of them were thinking something different.

Ye Cang was imagining what kind of artifact he will loot with his divine hand. Lin Le was praying for his salary and that his big mouth wouldn't ruin it. Zhang ZhengXiong was thinking the opposite of Ye Cang, about how to prevent that cursed hand from touching the treasure. FrozenCloud was also thinking the same. As for Little Ye Tian, she was fully concentrated on navigating with her map.

While walking along Riley River, no herbs and plants went unharvested by Ye Cang. After 2 hours, they finally arrived at the first twin peaks. Just a bit down the river, they could see two small mountains. Little Ye Tian walked into the shallows, and looked at the two sides, then looked into the water. The meaning of two peaks was clear, but the stars and the sun, what did that mean? She turned back and saw her father and the others all looking back at her, all with different gazes. Ye Cang's expectation, Zhang ZhengXiong's trust, Lin Le's pretending to be deep in thought, and Lil'Dino... probably wouldn't be any help either. She sighed. It seems like it was all up to her. Her two eyes continued to stare blankly, as if in a daze, as she reflected over the clues...

"This isn't the place. Let's go to the next one..." Little Ye Tian didn't discover any sign of the second part of the clues. Moreover, the location of a hidden treasure shouldn't be so obvious. Everyone followed detective Little Tian and continued further along the river until they arrived at the 2nd location. They could vaguely see the remains of a mountain that had collapsed hundreds of years ago. All that was left was a small hill. As for the other side, there was a small mountain about the size of the previous ones. There were a few places here suited for hiding something, and the stars reflected in the river created a picturesque scene. 

"This should be the place..." Little Ye Tian began to climb up a tree, and looked at the stars reflected in the river. However, as for the sun and moon part, there was only a moon. Where was the sun? Should they dive down to search? Although they might find it that way, it was too unreliable... Sun and moon... sun and moon... What did this mean?

Lin Le looked up at Little Ye Tian, who was thinking up in the tree, and then said with a smile. "Brother Lil'White, let's play hero-k (boardgame)."

"Alright, we have time to waste..." Ye Cang thought a bit then nodded. FrozenCloud sighed. *Why don't you guys help out and try to think a bit. Wouldn't it be better to put our heads together?* She saw the three of them heartlessly begin to play a boardgame while Little Ye Tian worked, moreover they were playing extremely happily...

Time slowly passed, and Little Ye Tian's brows became more and more wrinkled. She suddenly looked over as the sun slowly rose. The moon hadn't yet fully set yet, and they were positioned perfectly with one on each peak. Then wasn't the place between the two peaks...!? She looked at the spot in the lake between the two reflections of the sun and the moon. There was one spot where they seemed to overlap. "Father! Father! There! In your 5 o'clock direction! About a 25 meter area under the water!"

The few people who were sitting and yawning lazily suddenly got up. Ye Cang looked at the spot Little Ye Tian was pointing at, and then leapt in full of excitement, disappearing under the water...

"Bro/Team Leader! You definitely can't open it!" Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud roared together towards to water, but Ye Cang's silhouette had already disappeared... 

Ye Cang arrived at the bottom of the river and began digging around the sand. A simple chest appeared from underneath. He held the chest and began swimming back to the surface, leaping out like a fish and landing back on the shore. He slowly put down the chest. The alarmed Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud shouted: "Bro/Team Leader! Don't!!"

His two eyes suddenly changed as he looked into the sky with both a sun and a moon. He reached out his right hand, and then as if breaking free of a seal, he roared: "Divine hand has finally been unsealed! Godly artifact! Here I come!"

Lin Le sighed. It would be better not to interfere, otherwise he would be blamed... Little Ye Tian also sighed deeply. It seemed like this chest was fated to be cursed by her father, but to her, it was this chest's good fortune to be opened by her father. All her hard work would be worth it...

"Don't! Lele, Little Tian! Hurry and stop him!" FrozenCloud shouted hopefully. 

"It's over... the chest... is finished..." Zhang ZhengXiong slowly closed his eyes, unwilling to watch.

Ye Cang's state had become abnormal. His right hand was on the chest, and he looked at Lin Le. "Lele, I'll let you experience what a divine hand is..."

Lin Le looked at FrozenCloud's despair, and Zhang ZhangXiong's hopelessness. Even Little Ye Tian was a bit unwilling. His head heated up, as his two eyes looked towards his nose, activating Cross Eyed.

"Lele, you!!" Ye Cang discovered that he couldn't move, due to being inflicted with daze... His two eyes also crossed against his will and he began to sway in place.

Lin Le began to run over. Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud became delighted. Lele had succeeded! They were just about to sigh in relief when Ye Cang activated Swift Retreat, immediately removing the negative effect. He continued holding his hand on the chest, and sneered. "Haha~ Lele, watch closely..."

Lin Le was a step too late. FrozenCloud and Zhang ZhengXiong once again despaired. Ye Cang laughed grimly as he opened the chest. "Let's see what divine treasure comes out~~"

The chest was opened, however, the moment Ye Cang looked inside it, it jumped up. The chest was like a ferocious beast as it swallowed his whole head.

At this unexpected scene, Little Ye Tian only stared blankly at Ye Cang who was rolling around on the ground in pain. She muttered: "Mimic... Father's reputation is well deserved. He could even do this to a chest..."

Lin Le was also stunned. He thankfully patted his chest. "Good thing I didn't open that chest... that looks like it hurts."

The two others were also dumbstruck. Everyone couldn't help laughing as they watched Ye Cang roll all over the place.

"Stop f\*\*king watching! Hurry and help me out!" Ye Cang's roar thundered. Everyone rushed to help set him free and kill the mimic...

Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud protected the mimic's corpse carefully.

FrozenCloud's brows finally relaxed, and she wiped the sweat off her forehead. *So close... the treasure was almost infected with Team Leader's divine hand. We definitely can't relax our guard...*

"Such a ferocious bastard... I was almost sent back to town..." Ye Cang smiled bitterly as he looked at his remaining 20 health. He looked respectfully at the mimic, who was guarded by Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud. After latching on, he couldn't free himself at all. If it wasn't for A'Xiong and the others, he would definitely have been sent back to town. All his skills had been sealed. Although his ring's skill was ready, it would have been a waste to use such a long 3 day cooldown. He said with an indifferent smile: "Ok, you guys step aside... ba-"

Before he could even finish speaking, Lin Le had already flipped the chest open and looted the things inside.

"My Chest... My Chest... Divine hand... Godly artifact..." Ye Cang watch as Lin Le casually opened it. He sat on the ground, disappointed, and helplessly watched the rising sun. His eyes reflected its golden radiance. "Lele... your allowance is halved..." 

"..."
