---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 185"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 185 Kilaris's Shadow**

"The sunset is so beautiful..." Ye Cang murmured as he watched the rising sun. 

"Team Leader, come see what dropped and distribute it. Don't be depressed..." FrozenCloud watch Ye Cang mumble some nonsense and sighed.

"Exactly. Bro, come distribute the loot, then we can continue exploring. The next chest will definitely be yours!!" Zhang ZhengXiong made Ye Cang suddenly stand up. "Really!?"

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, but added in his heart: *Only if... the chest isn't ours...*

Ye Cang took the things the Lin Le had looted. 3 gold scales, over a thousand blue scales, a few large golden nuggets, tens of pretty decent gems, as well as 3 pieces of equipment. One was a dark metallic pike that was 10 meters long. On both sides of the tip were two barbs. The next item was similarly a pair of dark metallic boots. Finally, was a triangular skillbook with a spiral pattern.

Kilaris's Pike (Distinguished - Abyss)

Category: Special Pike

Requirements: 85 Strength, 65 Dexterity, Kilaris's Shadow.

Damage: 25 - 28

+13 Strength

+12 Dexterity

+25 Armor Penetration 

+1 Meter Range

Shadow Image Blitz: Become 3 images and can change positions with any of them at will. The images will deal 100% damage while the main body will deal 195%. The speed of the attack is doubled in water. Cooldown: 10 minutes.

Kilaris's Foot (Distinguished - Abyss)

Category: Heavy Boots

Requirements: 65 Strength, 65 Dexterity

+8 Defence

+10 Strength

+10 Dexterity

+15% Movement Speed

Shadow Step: Step into a shadow, and can instantly appear in any shadow up to 20 meters away. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Kilaris's Shadow (Epic - Beginner Level): Kilaris's 3 special skills. Requirements: 50 Strength, 75 Dexterity, 45 Intelligence.

Shadow Step: Can instantly appear at a shadow within a certain range. Cost: 25 energy and 10 mana. Cooldown: 30 seconds.

Shadow Strike: When attacking, can instantly have your shadow attack the target using your last attack, and dealing 85% of the damage. Cost: 30 energy, 9 mana. Cooldown: 15 seconds.

Equip Shadow: Can equip an extra weapon in your shadow which can be taken and used at any time. 

FrozenCloud saw that both items were especially strong, and that skill was terrifying! It's was a set of skills. Learning it would be the same as learning 3 skills! A teleport skill! A special attack skill! Even an epic passive! However, it probably wouldn't go to her. Not only was her Intelligence not high enough, she didn't even have enough Dexterity. In the team, she was the 2nd tank. The one who was most suited to these skills was the team leader who could fluidly and unpredictably change between styles...

"Bro, you learn it. You already have Kilaris's skill and accessory. Once you have these, it will be complete." Zhang ZhengXiong also felt it would be most fitting to give it to Ye Cang. Although he himself had few good active skills besides the one recently got, but his Dexterity and Intelligence weren't up to par.

"Yeah! Exactly! Brother Lil'White, hurry and learn it!" Lin Le quickly agreed, trying to get his allowance back. 

"Since you all say so, then I will reluctantly accept..." Ye Cang feigned embarrassment and learned the skill. He then took the pike and stuck it in his shadow, and changed into the dark boots. FrozenCloud felt short of breath. *Reluctantly!? Those are 3 skills that will always be useful!!*

"Lil'Dino, watch this!" Ye Cang performed his Multiple Straight Thrusts with his swordstaff. FrozenCloud rushed to react but blocking the first thrust was not possible. Now she could personally experience Ye Cang's Straight Thrusts, that even CloudDragon had let through. Blocking just one of them would be difficult for her. She couldn't even react fast enough to activate counter! *Not good!* She raised her bracelet and finally managed to block the last strike. Counter! The tonfa in her right hand struck out, ignoring inertia. Ye Cang faintly smiled. His left hand simply pulled out the tonfa at his waist, and blocked FrozenCloud's strike. Counter! The swordstaff suddenly hacked at her! 

FrozenCloud quickly pulled back her tonfa and crossed them in front of her to block. She saw Ye Cang smile as the swordstaff met the crossed tonfas. *Not good!* She felt a chill on her back, and quickly turned to look. Not knowing when, a shadowy Ye Cang had appeared and was performed a Multiple Straight Thrusts with it's black swordstaff. Four thrusts came at her.

FrozenCloud thought to herself: *This Shadow Strike, it's too unexpected!! If someone didn't know about it... Team Leader's Straight Thrusts are hard enough to deal with, now he can create a shadow that copies his attacks.* She looked at her last bit of health. The damage was so high! By the time she snapped out of her thoughts, Ye Cang was already gone. She felt another chill on her back, and a familiar touch on her head. *It's him! He's behind me!? It must be Shadow Step!! Really appearing and disappearing as he pleases! I'm afraid I wouldn't last even a few moves against Team Leader even if I went all out. As expected of someone who wouldn't lose even to CloudDragon. Not only are his skills are strong, his decision making, reaction and control are not something that can be easily trained. The stronger the skill, the more reaction and control you need to use it effectively!*

FrozenCloud sighed, but she had gained quite a bit from this fight. Although he had obviously gone easy, but she was still able to experience the timing of his attacks. The timing for his counter was even better than hers! She was completely suppressed in a melee battle. He probably didn't even need to use any of his new skills!

Ye Cang sheathed his sword, and casted a Healing Stream on FrozenCloud. With Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian's help, FrozenCloud's health was brought back to full. 

"Bro, give me the next active skill. You, Lele, and FrozenCloud all have a lot. All of mine are aura for supporting you..." Zhang ZhengXiong complained. 

"Alright, if you can get Lil'Dino to agree..." Ye Cang shrugged.

"Lil'Dino..." Zhang ZhengXiong looked over at her longingly.

"Mm, it's fine with me..." FrozenCloud nodded. He really did need more active skills. His auras were something the team couldn't do without, so she could accept giving him this much.

"Father, we still have 3 gold scales and many blue scales. Let's go back to the tribe. We can probably get quite a few good things to power up Brother Xiong, Me and Lil'Dino. Let's see if there's anything especially good. No one has reached father's prestige yet, and the armory will probably have new goods by now." Everyone nodded hearing Little Ye Tian's words. FrozenCloud thought back to that chest Ye Cang had gotten before which had so many skillbooks and equipment, only costing 1 gold scale. Now they had 3 gold scales. She and Shaking Bear will be getting a big power up!
