---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 186"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "lazygeko"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 186: Power Up Again**

Blue Scaled Tribe Village.

Ye Cang was currently in front of the armory. 

"Sir Pioneer, do you need to exchange for anything?" 

Ye Cang looked around. There just happened to be a top quality mystery box which required 3 gold scales and 1000 blue scales. It was called the Legendary Blue Scaled Tribe Mystery Box...

After Ye Cang exchanged for it, FrozenCloud immediately tore it out of his hands and Zhang ZhengXiong once again acted the part of the traitorous brother.

Ye Cang sighed and spoke like a faithful politician who failed to succeed. "Just when will you guys grow up and be able to understand my good intentions. Godly Artifacts... You, Lele, Little Tian, Lil'Dino, we can all become very powerful. Just when will you understand... Hah~ Divine hand.. My Divine hand..."

Lin Le opened the chest and shouted: "Brother Lil'White! There's so much stuff! There's even 4-5 pieces of Distinguished Quality Equipment!!"

"What!? Quickly pass it to me to distribute!" The moment Ye Cang heard there was so much stuff, his faithful politician act immediately became a corrupt politician. He excitedly grabbed everything and then sighed. "If it was me who opened it, there would definitely have been one or two artifacts. Tch~ Tch~ Such a pity..." 

FrozenCloud rolled her eyes. How many times had they heard that already. That guy was really lacking in self-awareness...

Ye Cang looked at the loot. 5 skillbooks and 5 pieces of equipment. He first decided to distribute the skillbooks. They were: Fierce Tiger Pounce, Ice Shards, Blessing of Strength, Assault Charge, Summon Water Elemental. According to the agreement with Zhang ZhengXiong, Fierce Tiger Pounce went to him. It was a skill that performed a short distance dash and attack.  

Fierce Tiger Pounce: Dash and strike at a target within range dealing 165% damage. Has a chance of causing stun. Cost: 25 rage. Cooldown: 25 seconds.

Ye Cang gave Ice Shards to himself. Blessing of Strength went to Little Ye Tian. Assault Charge went to Lin Le. As for Summon Water Elemental Companion - Tobira, it was only for Warlocks or Summoners. Since none of them could learn it, it went into the handcart.

Ice Shards (Uncommon - Beginner Level): Chant 3 lines (2.5 seconds), to condense an Ice Crystal and then shatter it into 5 pieces which will each shoot out at nearby targets. Every shard of ice deals 26 damage and reduces movement speed by 25% for 5 seconds. Cost: 5 mana. Cooldown: 15 seconds.

Blessing of Strength (Super Rare - Beginner Level): Chant 3 verses and 5 phrases (30 seconds), friendly allies in range receive a blessing which gives +13 Strength and +8 Damage for 1 hour. Cost: 25 mana. Cooldown: None.

Assault Charge (Rare - Beginner Level): Charges at and Attacks a target, dealing 160% damage. Cost: None. Cooldown: 1 minute.

As for the equipment, there were two top quality defensive equipment: a helmet and a heavy gauntlets. Both of them were given to Zhang ZhengXiong. Their high constitution and high defence allowed Zhang ZhengXiong's survivability to shoot up once again. If someone saw him now, they would think he was a Heavily Armored Cavalry. As for the lighter armor that improved both attack and defence, it was given to FrozenCloud.

As for the top quality ring which gave all three physical attributes, and had a skill to improve damage; Ye Cang also gave it to FrozenCloud who was lacking a good ring. Finally, a pair of cloth-like gloves, which added Constitution and Wisdom, and increased casting speed, was given to Little Ye Tian.

The party had powered up quite a bit again. FrozenCloud pondered, and then looked at her new ring and armor's stats. Such a good ring should obviously have gone to Lele, yet he had immediately given it to her. Everyone was in a good mood as they all managed to get something. It couldn't be denied that Team Leader really treated this party especially well. Moreover, when the ring was given to her, Lele didn't make a single objection. She had to admit that this party was really stable and reliable when it came to distributing equipment.

"Ok, ok. We're done giving out equipment. Let's log off and eat!" Ye Cang said with a yawn and then disappeared.

"Umm... Brother Lil'Xiong. Earlier, I helped you stop Brother Lil'White. I even braved the dangers of having my allowance halved, and opened the chest. Brother Lil'White really cut my allowance, so... will you..." Lin Le moved to Zhang ZhengXiong's side and proposed with a pout.

"Let's eat, let's eat. I'm so hungry... Log off and go eat!" Zhang ZhengXiong pretended not to hear and logged off. 

"Wait for me. My allowance, just give me a bit. Lil'Xiong..." Lin Le saw Zhang ZhengXiong disappear, and quickly logged off after him. Little Ye Tian sighed and also logged off.

FrozenCloud didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He was already a university student yet still got allowance? She almost thought he was joking... but seeing how worried he was over it had thrown her thoughts into disarray. *I'll wait till he gets back on and then tell him that I'll give him some lucky money for New Years.* FrozenCloud smiled, then began looking around the village for daily quests. Just some simple quests like helping a little fishman find his mother.

Seaside Cottage.

After eating, Ye Cang was sprawled out on a rocking chair on the balcony watching the news like an old person. He turned to look at the pouring rain as well as Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and Little Ye Tian who were still persisting with their exercise while enduring the shower. Wu Na's voice arrived from beside him. "A~ Aaah~ Do~ Re~ Mi~ Fa~ So~" Hearing the sound of her doing vocal exercises, he made a big yawn and stretched, a few tears appearing at the corner of his eyes...

"Morning news, today, once again, 5 bodies were found in the northern district, each with different causes of death. The city police suspect it is the doing of an evil cult organization, however, as three years ago, the investigations still comes up empty handed... The population has expressed their dissatisfaction towards the Lin Hai police..."

"It's that bastard 'Gamer'..." Ye Cang mumbled.

"Gamer?" Wu Na asked doubtfully.

"A Homicidal Psychopath. A bit like the one in that one movie. He chooses some stranger to become the 'Player' and kidnaps them into his 'Game'. Simply put, it's just to have them massacre each other and force them into playing his perverted games. Using the darkness of human nature, he makes them turn on each other, so that the 'Members' can watch the bloody show. However, that bastard has quite the reputation. The final winner will receive quite a bit of money as well as a good position in society. In other words, he fulfills their dreams. This is the truth. Gamer is one of the 3 heads of LinHai's underworld."

"You've met him?" Wu Na asked while trembling.

"He was once going to come to the east district to start one of his games. I remember it was a leisurely afternoon. I was in the supermarket buying instant noodles, when he chose me as one of his players and brought me to his game room. Then he had 236 of his bones broken by me, his right arm ripped off, and ran back to the north district. However, that bastard's regenerative ability is strong, so it shouldn't have caused any lasting damage..." Ye Cang shrugged, declining to give any more details. The reason he had decided to not kill him and let him return to the north district was because he followed the rules of the underworld. If there is light, there will always be darkness. Light and darkness should never become unbalanced. This was one of the objectives of the 10 Commandments.
