---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 187"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "fnlock"
comments: true
---

TN: Apologies, I messed up the labelling and the comments from 187 teaser ended up in chapter 186.

---

### Chapter 187: Thorns and Roses Club

"Eh, can you not say something terrifying so easily..." Wu Na looked at Ye Cang's leisurely appearance and shot him a glare, then thought of something. "Then does the east district have any guys like that, who sound like they came straight out of a legend."

"Yeah, flasher uncle..." Ye Cang smiled.

"True... He really is a legend in the east district... There are already rumors like if you're flashed by flasher uncle's elephant, you'll receive a week of good luck or something..." Wu Na covered her forehead and smiled bitterly.

...

LinHai North District, in some abandoned factory.

There were students, lovely women, businessmen, and bosses. Various occupations from various social classes all scheming against each other. Some were fighting, some had accepted their deaths, some were enjoying the killing, and others showing their will to live. On a high monitor, a young man with a refreshing smile, exceptionally handsome face, short purple hair, and casual western suit could be seen doing his nails. He glanced at the monitor and ridiculed: "Fear, Betrayal, Suspicion, Massacre, Struggle, Greed, Anger. There's nothing more interesting than watching the dark sides of humanity..."

"Boss, the south district has the greedy wolf, west district has that cruel woman, only the east district doesn't have an underworld boss, only a few small small syndicates. Why don't we set up a game there?" A blond attendant beside the young man asked doubtfully.

A cold light flashed, and the blonde attendant's head fell. It was like a ball as it rolled on the ground. The surrounding men and women were all extremely shocked, not knowing what the attendant had said wrong. None of them dared to speak as they looked at the young man doing his nails. 

"You think yourself clever... " The purple haired young man shivered as he grasped his right arm with his left. The east district had a white haired demon. He recalled how his bones had been crushed one by one, restored, and then crushed once again. That endless torment, his face went pale just thinking about it and sweat covered his back. He looked at everyone and said in a cold voice: "Don't bring it up again..."

The others still didn't dare to speak. They looked into those ruthless eyes, and their entire bodies trembled...

...

Soon, 2 days had passed. Ye Cang and the others spent the time preparing for the attack against the werewolves while also wandering all over the place. There were already no monsters around Really New Village who could survive a single swing of Lin Le's blade. As always, Ye Cang would gather everything in his path, leaving nothing behind.

The weekend arrived. According to the agreement, Ye Cang brought the other 3 to the virtual world. They went to China region's 'virtual capital' and which was also China region's largest virtual city - DiFeng City. All four of China's Four Great Guilds had their headquarters here. It was a 'City that never sleeps'. Obviously there were many virtual gamers here...

Ye Cang looked at his own virtual avatar. He wore a white jacket with the roman numeral VII on it's back, as well as a silver metallic western hat, and a mask with a smiley face mask on the left side and a scowling face on the right. On his waist was a slender rapier with a flower design on the hilt and guard. He sighed. It had been a long time since he had come to the virtual world. He swapped his attire for sandals, floral swim trunks, and a baggy black T-shirt. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he looked like a gym teacher. His outfit was something he had actually spent a lot of time coming up with. Lin Le? He was in a pink bunny outfit, showing only his face. As for Little Ye Tian, she didn't have virtual clothes, so she was in the default dress and sandals. Her hair was put up in a ponytail. 

Thorns and Roses's club's headquarters was also situated in DiFeng city. Their building looked like a Rose blossom with thorny vines creeping around it. The four of them used their IDs and entered.

Ye Cang looked at ThornyRose in her red evening dress. *This crazy woman dresses pretty well. She's quite the beauty when she's quiet...* 

Zhang ZhengXiong saw all kinds of beauties. *Bro! My springtime has come!! You can have the short haired Sister Rose. I'll start my fierce offensive against the rest!!*

Lin Le was picking his nose and scratching his butt. The only thing on his mind was his wages. *Wages! Wages!! Come and replace my missing allowance...*

As for Little Ye Tian, she swept her eyes around the room. Thorns and Roses's headquarters could be considered one of the best excluding the 4 Great Guilds. They had all the required facilities. Her gaze then landed on ThornyRose and the others. Besides ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, Lil'Dino, and GreenDew whom she had already met, there were four other women who were part of the main forces. After examining their bodies and movement, she quickly obtained their classifications. They were four different athletes: Melee, Range, Spellcaster, and Support. As for the substitutes, she only recognized Little Jade and Kitty. It looks like Thorns and Roses's was really declining. The substitutes were too weak. Such a lineup wouldn't do...

"You guys introduce yourselves..." ThornyRose looked speechlessly at the three of them, especially the three guys. What were they wearing! A beach outfit, a muscular coach outfit, and a bunny outfit? Couldn't they dress a bit better!? This was the thoughts of all the women. They had odd expressions as they looked at the three men.

"PaleSnow..."

"Beauties, I'm HeavenShakingMight."

"HappyAndCheerfull... Pay me... Pay me..."

"NightSky."

"ElegantFragrance."

"DyedLily..."

"DemonSpirit..."

"PassingBreeze."

"KittyKat."

Everyone quickly finished the introductions. ElegantFragrance immediately grabbed Ye Cang. "You must be Sister Roses's gigolo, right!?"

"Gigolo?" Ye Cang asked puzzled. *What does she mean?*

"A handsome young man who is like a male concubine or lover..." Little Ye Tian, the encyclopedia, explained indifferently.

"That's right, I'm handsome, but I'm not some male concubine or whatever..." Ye Cang nodded seriously.

"..." ElegantFragrance looked at him speechlessly. His facial features were alright, but those white eyebrows, white hair and white eyelashes, even his eye's were light pink. It just looked strange. Although he wasn't ugly, he was far from being a pretty boy.

"Stop that poor behavior. FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, you two stay behind. DyedLily, take the rest to go train..." ThornyRose saw signs of the gossipers becoming interested and turned to the silent DyedLily

"Ok..." DyedLily said, and brought the curious DemonSpirit, the cold PassingBreeze, and the others away. They left for the training hall under Zhang ZhengXiong's passionate gaze. All that was left was ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, as well as Ye Cang's group of 4.

"Sister Rose, I feel that..." Zhang ZhengXiong watched the beauties leaving and was planning to say something, but was seen through and shouted at by ThornyRose. "Get lost! I know you want to say some useless playboy words! If you perform well, It's not like I can't consider!!"

"I'll definitely do my best Madam!!" Zhang ZhengXiong said respectfully; his tiger like eyes were opened wide, and his power was overflowing. 

"..." ThornyRose facepalmed and smiled bitterly. *Is that guy really so desperate for woman!?*
