---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 188"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

Chapter 188 - Shaking Bear's Show Shocks the Three Women

ThornyRose brought Ye Cang's group to just outside another training room and introduced the clubs remaining characters to them. "Look at the descriptions. You can try whichever one you think would fit you..."

ThornyRose had already decided on which characters to give them, but didn't say it out loud. She wanted to see what they would pick if they could pick for themselves.

Ye Cang looked at the myriad of characters. All of them were rated A. Finally he arrived at a female fencer. "Her build and proportions are not bad. It's thin where it should and it sticks out where it should. Overall, decent. Her it is. Let's see... the Storm Fencer - Lotus..."

"Then I'll pick this one... her chest is bigger. Street Fighter - Lunara..." Zhang ZhengXiong chose a female grappler. 

"Then me... this one's butt is bigger, I'll pick her. Bomber - Calia..." Lin Le also chose a character based off his preferences.

ThornyRose and the three women were speechless. *Did you even look at the description!? Picking completely using your taste in women!? Can you not be so willful! You're not here to pick a wife!*

Little Ye Tian knew what ThornyRose hoped she would picked. It was also the role Thorns and Roses lacked. She directly picked one of the few S ranked support characters. Rainbow Knight - Cloudy Flowerdrops. This was one of the few S ranked characters that Thorns and Roses managed to hold on to. 

ElegantFragrance looked at ThornyRose. That little girl had just taken an S ranked characters. ThornyRose didn't say anything, which meant she was silently approving it. Besides the three of them, who had S ranked characters, this was one of the last ones in the club. Was this little girl worthy? Judging by her appearance, she should be young.

ThornyRose covered her forehead and sighed. Since they've already chosen, might as well try it out. She had to teach these guys a lesson. Being in a club wasn't so simple! "I'll give you one hour to get familiar with your character's skills, then enter the training grounds. ElegantFragrance, adjust the bot. Set it to training mode, difficulty A. Let's see how they do for their first time..."

ElegantFragrance was astonished. They were doing difficulty A right from the start? They were still novices... Even if they had potential, they should still start with C and get use to the skills. She quickly caught onto ThornyRose's intentions.

"Bro, this is pointless. As soon as we change into the characters, the gender changed. I wanted to touch... " Zhang ZhengXiong muttered in a quiet voice. He looked at the female grappler who had become a male grappler. Except for the outfit, hairstyle and haircolor, he looked exactly like he did in the virtual world, with his well built, overwhelming physique. He wore light armor and held a pair of claws. Ye Cang was also the same. He wore silver and purple light metal armor. His elbows, knees and stomach were all exposed. On his back was a longsword and on his waist a dagger. Dressed lightly for battle. He also nodded, in a bad mood.

They all looked over their skills.

"Those two perverts..." ThornyRose said astonished.

Ye Cang carefully looked through his skills and passives. He had main big skills, and one ultimate. (There are also other skills like wind blade which are skipped over. Will be explained in fight.)

Storm Fancer (Passive): Every time a skill is used, speed and dexterity increase by 10%. Can stack up to 3 times. Lasts 15 seconds.

Flurry of Blades: Attack enemies within a certain range. 25 strikes are split amongst the targets, each dealing 50% damage. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 30 energy.

Windwalk: Use the wind to conceal yourself. Your next attack while concealed will deal 3 time damage. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 25 energy.

Ultimate - Haste: After activating, your speed (attack and movement) increases by 300% for 25 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes. Cost: None.

Ye Cang raised his brows. It was alright. It was a character that pursued speed, however, it's strength was lacking with only a B rank. However, it's dexterity was S rank. Overall, it was A rank.

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le had both looked at their own skills. As for Little Ye Tian, she was the fastest. It only took her 2 minutes to completely understand an S rank character. 

"Let's start and finish up training early. I still need to go fishing..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, rubbing his neck. He stretched his body and smiled.

ThornyRose smiled. *Shaking bear, this guy. It hasn't even been 10 minutes. Let's me see what you're made of.* Among the few of them, the one she was most optimistic about was Zhang ZhengXiong. Her expectations were pretty high. "Ok, you go in first. ElegantFragrance, has the difficulty been set..."

"OK!" ElegantFragrance smiled, pushing aside her long maroon hair. 

Ye Cang watched as Zhang ZhengXiong walked into the training grounds, then pulled out his dagger and began tossing it to kill time. Lin Le saw Ye Cang playing with the dagger, so he took out several bombs to juggle...

ThornyRose saw the two of them and sighed. "You two should watch..."

Zhang ZhengXiong entered the training grounds, and the silhouettes of 5 other characters appeared. There was a swordsman, a grappler, a spellcaster, an assassin, and a support.

Zhang ZhengXiong stepped forwards, and like a tiger free of its cage, he directly charged. He easily dodged past the swordsman's attack, then leaned forwards and became a blurry image. Fighting Power - Dash! He rushed through the air towards the support, his claw instantly stabbing through its throat. He then performed a combo while at the same time avoiding the attacks of the assassin and grappler who were flanking him. Right off the bat, the support was slain.

ElegantFragrance was stunned, this guy's reflexes were amazing! Zhang ZhengXiong's claw slanted and blocked an attack from the swordsman, and the other claw deflected the assassin's dagger. Fighting Power - Smash, he smashed the incoming Grappler away, then side stepped to avoid a frost bolt from the spellcaster. He then twisted his body, and while the assassin was still regaining its balance, his right knee smashed against the assassin's face. Using his body's rotation, he avoided a flurry of attacks from the swordmaster's skill, while attacking the assassin with his claw, killing it. He suddenly dropped low, as the grapplers attack passed over his head, and in one smooth step, slid away from the two. Activating a speed buffing skill, he rushed towards the casting spellcaster.

The spellcaster quickly teleported away from its original position. Zhang ZhengXiong also activated his character's gap closing skill, Flash Step, instantly arriving by its side. His left hand grabbed its throat lifting it up as he kicked it into the air. His right claw stabbed forwards, bringing about the sound of wind being slashed through, then his left hand exerted force smashing the spellcaster into the ground. His hand, which was on the spell caster's neck, glowed with the light of a skill. Bang~!

Killed!

Zhang ZhengXiong got up and grinned evilly at the incoming grappler bot and swordmaster bot. They were no longer a threat. He didn't give way, instead choosing to attack ferociously. He easily dodged past one of the swordmaster's main skills, letting it brush past his cheek. He then feigned an attack towards the grappler, causing it to block, but lowered the trajectory of his attack. Instant Fist - Hidden Strength! The grappler was stunned. He took a step, twisting his foot, and making a sudden turn. His two arms wrapped around the waist of the swordmaster that had run past due to the feint, then leapt into the air. "Ultimate! Meteor Piledriver!"

Boom~! Dust was everywhere. The well timed ultimate had actually also hit the grappler, killing both remaining enemies. Looking at the time, only 3 minutes and 25 seconds had passed. FrozenBlood's two fists tightened. This guy's talent was too terrifying! Even she herself would need at least 5 minutes to pass the A difficulty training. This guy had just started using the character, yet could accomplish such a rapid penta-kill! It looks like the club had just gained someone who could use an A Rank character to compete with an S Ranked one. 

ThornyRose was delighted. She hadn't made an error in judgement. This Shaking Bear's potential was godly!!

"Rose, you're actually able to unearth such a freak..." ElegantFragrance was still stunned. It was not easy even for herself to pass an A difficulty training, as she was a ranged character, let alone to do it so fast. Only 3 minutes and 25 seconds!? Th-this... 
