---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 190"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 190 - Group Battle

ThornyRose divided them into two teams. Only in real combat could they truly prove themselves. She directly changed into her S Rank character: Holy Guardian - ThornyRose. Among the previous club presidents, ThornyRose was definitely one of the best. She had been able to create her own S Rank character and secured her president position. 

"After training, can we go? We still plan to go fishing..." Ye Cang remembered their plans and asked.

"Ugh... " ThornyRose glared at him. He had such talent, yet all he did was goof off. What was he thinking about all the time. If he wasn't watching soap operas, then he was doing some unknown thing. Go fishing? Are they professional gamers or fishermen!? She replied helplessly: "League competition isn't just these normal arena battles. There are many other types. First, we need to get you used to different types of battles. ElegantFragrance, you plan and lead that team..."

"OK~" ElegantFragrance smiled. She brought her own team to the side, and began planning.

"Kill my bro and Lele first, otherwise, we don't stand a chance..." Zhang ZhengXiong proposed quietly.

Little Ye Tian wasn't going to say it so bluntly, but it was the truth. She raised brows and said: "Indeed. However, to kill brother first is unlikely. We should focus on Lele first. His area attacks are unfavorable for us. I propose that Sister ElegantFragrance focuses on sniping Lele. Brother Xiong also help if you can. Sister DemonSpirit is a sorceress right? Use any skills you have to kill Lele as soon as you can..."

ElegantFragrance looked at the little girl who had so naturally taken away her commanding role. *It looks like we'll be going with the plan of this little girl ThornyRose adopted. Since Rose actually let her play an S ranked character, then she clearly should have some ability. An adviser type?*

"The arena's size will probably change. I've analyzed Thorns and Roses's 4 main arenas. Rose Garden, Rattan Valley, Prairie, and the Great Stone Bridge. This is the map... If we start in the Rose Garden, we'll probably encounter them between 3:05 and 3:25. Ratten Valley..." Little Ye Tian began to explain everything that she had calculated. ElegantFragrance was stunned. This little girl's calculation ability was too amazing! She was even able to calculate her max range by just looking at her weapon and stats! Was she a monster!?

ThornyRose crossed her arm and looked at the people on her team. "The other side will probably prioritize killing Lele and GreenDew, our heavy firepower. PassingBreeze, you protect them. PaleSnow you'll be wandering and providing assistance. I'll deal with the front. Our kill order will be... the little girl, ElegantFragrance, DemonSpirit..."

Ye Cang looked at the other team, then put a hand on Lin Le's shoulder, "Lele, when the match starts, use your smoke bomb to block their view, then directly ult that demon something sorcerer. Even if you can't kill her, you have to cause chaos, got it?"

"Got it, Brother Lil'White!" Lin Le clenched his fist, ready to follow his orders.

ThornyRose raised her eyebrows. It was a pretty good idea, which caught her off guard. If they could cause some chaos, the damn lowlife would have a chance to kill them one by one. Moreover, against that calculating little girl, any conventional strategy would be seen through. The other side had FrozenBlood and Shaking Bear. In order to win, they had to do something extraordinary. She accepted Ye Cang's opening tactic. 

Both sides then began going into detail about their plan, explaining their choices in tactics using their knowledge about the competition, however, all Lin Le perceived was ThornyRose's mouth flapping open, and closed, and open, and closed. His brain was automatically filtering out the complicated things... From ThornyRose's point of view, Lin Le appeared to be listening very seriously, giving it his full attention. Finding it a bit strange, she asked doubtfully, "Remember it all?"

"What did you say?" Lin Le snapped out of his stupor.

"Eh..." ThornyRose sighed, so it was like this. She turned to Ye Cang, "and you..."

"Didn't remember it..." Ye Cang said with his indifferent smile.

ThornyRose's chest tightened. *Didn't remember it!? Then why are you standing there looking all calm and collected!* Her two fists tightened, and she clenched her jaw... GreenDew quickly consoled her. The assassin PassingBreeze, with her hair up in a ponytail, and her cold, indifferent oval face, looked at Ye Cang and Lin Le, her gaze full of doubt. Although she didn't know what happened during the test, but she saw that Sister Rose thought quite highly of them... Moreover, that little girl on the other team was using an S rank character, making everyone a bit curious. 

DyedLily, who had led the others away to train, knew ThornyRose was performing a mock battle, so she stopped their training, and brought FrozenCloud, KittyKat, and Little Jade to the spectators area to watch the battle.

"Sister Lily, the mock battle, with Sister Rose and Sister Icy separated into different teams, who do you think will win..." LittleJade looked to her club senior, DyedLily, and asked.

"At a glance, FrozenBlood's side has a higher chance, with three S class characters. Although the one using the Rainbow Knight is a newcomer, since ThornyRose let her use it, she must be outstanding. It has been a long time since Thorns and Roses had a good support player, do you know why?"

"Why?" KittyKat was also a bit curious.

"First, support are different than fighting classes. Other than reflexes and quick thinking, which both type need, support also need awareness of the general situation. They will often take the place of strategist or commanders. Our guild's command structure is currently shouldered by Rose, although it's a fact that Rose rarely makes mistakes when commanding, and is well known in the virtual world for it. Another reason is that nurturing a useable support player takes a lot more effort than raising a regular professional player. Our Thorns and Roses has the capability to raise one, but we've yet to find a suitable candidate. We were also unable to get one during the last two drafts. It's already to the point where we can only choose from some 2nd and 3rd rate players... so our only hope was to find some in the game. Namely, the famous '3 brothers' in Really New Village. Looking at it, they seem to be pretty decent. The guy using the Street Fighter has an astonishing aura. I can feel his bestial aura from here. The one using the Storm Fencer, PaleSnow, is hard to see through. As for that HappyAndCheerful, I heard earlier that he passed the A level solo test in 25 seconds. Outrageous..." DyedLily replied with her arms crossed.
