---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 191"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

**Chapter 191: Battle Imminent**

FrozenCloud arrived late to the spectator area and saw the teams. "This one is worth seeing. Team Leader, Lele, Sister Rose vs Shaking Bear, Ye Tian, and my Sister..."

"Class?" DyedLily asked with a smile.

"Mm, acting class..." FrozenCloud nodded.

"Sister Lil'Dino, which side do you think will win?" Little Jade knew FrozenCloud was Brother Hero's team's 2nd tank in the game.

"Hard to say. No one has really seen Team Leader's true strength before. Both battles with CloudDragon were fought with ease. However, in a true battle, Team Leader probably can't compare to CloudDragon, after all, he doesn't know much about the game. As for Shaking Bear, he's also extremely ferocious. In the cemetery, he joined the battle against CloudDragon, and neither side was able to do anything. Then Lele and the little girl are two polar opposite types of players. It's really hard to guess who will win, because Sister Rose and my sister are also separated. The two sides are more or less equal..." FrozenCloud analyzed for them, as she knew a bit about Ye Cang and the others from the game. 

"Those newcomers are really that strong?" DyedLily was familiar with FrozenCloud. She was the opposite of her sister, and wouldn't mess around without reason.

"Mm, at least in the new game, Team leader is a top pick whether it's for his strength or his various qualities and talents. Shaking Bear too. Lele and the little girl are a bit extreme..." FrozenCloud nodded and replied.

The two teams arrived at the center of the arena. The terrain flashed and the area was covered in gigantic roses, like a forest of trees. The two teams moved to their respective corners.

"Stay 5 meters apart from each other. Careful not to stray too far! Brother Xiong, you be the vanguard!" Little Ye Tian took out a crystal scepter and shouted in a tender young voice. She had kept in mind the area of effect of most of Lele's bombs. 

Zhang ZhengXiong raised an arm, making an OK sign without turning back. Everyone split up at least 5 meters apart from each other.

On the other side, with ThornyRose and the others.

"With the little girl planning for them, she's probably predicted most of the things we'll do. When going forwards, remember to try to use cover. These huge rose-like plants can block a few attacks..." ThornyRose grabbed her sword and shield, then carefully began making her way to the other side. Lin Le was as cautious as a little critter, dashing from tree to tree...

Ye Cang moved like a scout, using the cover from the sea of roses, he rapidly disappeared from everyone's view. ThornyRose frowned, "This guy..."

Hidden in the forest of roses, Ye Cang spread his senses in all directions. His ears twitched, someone had stepped on a cluster of flowers... Who was it? A'Xiong wouldn't have been so careful, it's FrozenBlood. His right hand drew his sword as his left hovered over his dagger. He silently arrived at a particularly big rose, and rested his back on it. She would probably pass by here... 

FrozenBlood scouted the path vigilantly. Based on her intuition, she activated a sight ability which allowed her to see through things, and noticed that there was someone hiding behind a large rose a few meters away! *Based on its build, it appeared to be Team Leader... Thinking of surprising me?* She sneered, activating stealth, and disappearing from sight. Ye Cang had his eyes closed, sensing the sound, when suddenly, *it's gone? Not good!*  He activated Windwalk, fading into the wind...

"Such sharp senses..." The stealthed FrozenBlood also sensed Ye Cang's disappearance, and could no longer move carelessly! He was definitely like CloudDragon, FlameEmperor, and LordAsked, those freaks that could sense her even in stealth. She knew the Storm Fencer had a stealth skill... suddenly her back felt a chill. *Not good!* Her daggers blocked Ye Cang's Triple Strike, but she was still slit in the throat by his dagger. It took away a whole ⅓ of her health. Just as she was about to strike back, Ye Cang leaped away immediately and disappeared behind a large rose. With the distance opened up, she felt sullen. She didn't dare to chase after him, after all, she didn't know if he was waiting in ambush. She activated her speed boosting skill and retreated. The confrontation between the two scouts was extremely short. PassingBreeze happened to see this scene from a distance, causing her to raise her brows. That new Storm Fencer was even more fleeting than an assassin... The moment his attack succeeded, he had fled, not sticking around to go on the offensive, instead running all the way back to report...

FrozenBlood returned to Little Ye Tian's side, informing her of what had happened.

"The timing is within our predictions. Within 1 minute will be the true battle. Let's get into position. Brother Xiong, take the front, be aware of brother's movements. FrozenBlood, you protect me. As for Sisters DemonSpirit and ElegantFragrance, you two work together, but maintain distance from each other. Be especially careful, Sister DemonSpirit. Sister ElegantFragrance, be sure to avoid the other side's assassin. If you aren't under attack, remember to help her. The other side will definitely target either you two or me..." Little Ye Tian buffed everyone, and healed up FrozenBlood, calculating that by the time the battle started, her cooldowns would be ready again. She continued to gaze at the surroundings while making calculations, trying to determine the other side's potential actions and any unexpected variables. Her little brows suddenly raised, "Wrong, Sister FrozenBlood, Brother Xiong, you guys..."

ThornyRose had also made her preparations. She had Ye Cang mount a sneak attack against Little Ye Tian, and left PassingBreeze to stall Shaking Bear. As for herself, she had to grasp the timing of when PaleSnow began his attack. "The rainbow knight has a skill that grants 5 seconds of invulnerability, but she also cannot act during that time. Lowlife, you go force her into using the skill, then immediately join me in taking out ElegantFragrance. Don't be stingy with your skills and take her out as soon as possible!"

ThornyRose knew how annoying ElegantFragrance was when there was no one putting pressure on her. The Hundred Flower Archer nickname wasn't just for show. "PassingBreeze, you keep ShakingBear busy. Do your best not to allow him to approach GreenDew and Lele."

PassingBreeze gripped her daggers and nodded.

"I got it..." Ye Cang shrugged. He looked towards PassingBreeze and said with his indifferent smile, "You won't be able to block my little brother..."

PassingBreeze furrowed her brows and humphed at Ye Cang.

Was this guy trying to fire her up? ThornyRose looked at PassingBreeze, who was displaying a rare tension. It looks liked the taunt was effective... She then looked towards Lele, who was still acting like a little critter. Of course, he didn't forget to poke his head out to add in, "That's right! That's right! You can't beat Brother Lil'Xiong! Brother Lil'Xiong is really awesome!"

"Um, Shaking Bear is on the other team right now. Could you not ruin our teammate's spirit by making him sound so mighty..." GreenDew whispered helplessly.

"Ah, a stranger! Brother Lil'White! Who is she!? When did we have someone like that on our team! Is she an enemy spy!?" Lin Le quickly pulled out a bomb, eager to throw it.

"..." ThornyRose and PassingBreeze were both speechless. GreenDew simply clenched her fists and ground her teeth. 

"GreenWind, Lele isn't doing it on purpose. Don't take it to heart..." Ye Cang laughed.

"F\*\*k! I'm not GreenWind! GreenDew!! Call me GreenDew!!!" GreenDew roared in a quiet voice.

"It sounds the same. Lele, remember your teammates..." Ye Cang waved it off and said without a care.

"Oh, I got it..." Lin Le nodded cleverly.

*These two jokesters.* ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang and Lin Le, speechless. She then looked at GreenDew who had smoke shooting out her ears, as well as the frowning PassingBreeze. This situation... she didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
