---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 192"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, TheDarkLink"
---

**Chapter 192: A Death Each**

Both teams acted according to their plan and arrived in a field. ThornyRose could already see the silhouettes of Shaking Bear and the others. "Get Ready!!"

At her signal, Lin Le grabbed his smoke grenade and threw it over, filling the area with smoke. The visibility plummeted.

ElegantFragrance furrowed her brows. A smoke grenade... Her nimble body leapt, and in a few steps, she arrived on the top of a massive rose. Her field of vision immediately widened by quite a bit, but she still had trouble seeing into the thick smoke. She prepared an arrow, ready to act.  

Little Ye Tian sighed. This wasn't an effect caused by magic, so she was unable to disperse it.

"Careful! It's one of the Bomber's main skills! Incoming! Little girl, hurry and dodge! It appears to be targeting you!!" ElegantFragrance shouted at the risk of exposing her own position. Ye Cang smiled, disappearing into the smoke.

FrozenBlood, who was near Little Ye Tian, quickly used her speed to get away, while Little Ye Tian also rolled behind an obstacle in order to withstand the attack. Zhang ZhengXiong simply swaggered through the smoke, this sort of environment was actually favorable to him. DemonSpirit, however, panicked and used her instant movement skill. Their positioning was now in chaos. A little mushroom cloud erupted. Even hiding behind some obstacles, they still lost some health. FrozenBlood smiled bitterly. *Lele, that bastard. What kind of guy starts off by greeting with his ult?* The mushroom cloud concealed Little Ye Tian's position, and for some reason, she had a bad premonition. Although the Storm Fencer was an A rank character, but it had an S rank speed, with it's weakness being its lack of attack power and strength, as well as its inability to survive through heavy crowd control, which was a fatal flaw...

Due to the explosion, Little Ye Tian didn't notice the movements in the bushes. Under the effects of Haste and Windwalk, he quickly arrived at her side. *The 5 second invulnerability right?* He grinned and shouted, "Little Tian!"

Little Ye Tian was startled. *Father has come to surprise attack me!? Oh no! FrozenBlood was separated during the explosion, and there's no time to cast a shield.* Afraid of the hasted Storm Fencer, she quickly activated her invulnerability. 

Ye Cang faintly smiled having accomplished his goals without even needing to break his stealth. He ran along the thorns, climbing up the giant Roses, and saw the nearby ElegantFragrance. Like the wind, he soundlessly sped towards her.

ElegantFragrance saw GreenDew, who was casting from a distance, and directly activated one of her Ultimates - Withering Snipe! She entered a casting and channeling motion, while also aiming. Little Ye Tian who had just arrived at FrozenBlood's position suddenly understood why her father hadn't exited stealth. His purpose was to lure her into using her invulnerability. There was still 2 seconds duration left! She shouted, "ElegantFragrance, careful!"

Little Ye Tian's voice allowed ElegantFragrance to quickly interrupt her skill. She sensed an attack coming at her, so she threw down a trap and leapt away onto another rose, then turned to flee. Ye Cang directly ran in a Z shaped path, not slowing down at all as he avoided the trap. In a flash, he was behind ElegantFragrance. ElegantFragrance knew that with her speed, wanting to outrun the Storm Fencer was wishful thinking, not to mention when he was hasted. She slashed out with her blade, but to Ye Cang, who was under the effects of haste, it was so slow he didn't even bother to dodge. It brushed past his ear, as his sword slashed liked the wind, spilling ElegantFragrance's blood. However, the damage was still a bit low, even with 6 slashes and a wind blade, she still wasn't dead. 

ElegantFragrance saw that she was only left with 1/10th of her health, and her passive ability activated. She became 3 clones and they all started running in different directions. Ye Cang chuckled grimly, and activated Flurry of Blades! 25 attacks, each dealing 50% damage. Each clone took at least 8 hits.  

"Player ElegantFragrance has been slain by Player PaleSnow..."

A system message rang out, which made ThornyRose heart quiver. Little Ye Tian brows wrinkled, *we've lost one, but your side won't be any better. Brother Xiong is already in your back-lines!* She casted a shield on FrozenBlood, "Sister DemonSpirit, move 3 meters to the right to dodge a spell and bomb bombardment. Then attack straight at your 8 o'clock direction!" 

Although DemonSpirit didn't feel good letting a little girl command her, even Sister ElegantFragrance had listened to her, so as a teammate, she knew she had to obey. She moved 3 meters to the right, and a ball of fire as well as a bomb exploded at her original position. *Even in this smoke...* DemonSpirit had some newfound admiration towards her little commander.

As for Lele's side. GreenDew was simply casting her spells to the same places Lin Le was throwing his bombs, because she couldn't see a thing inside the smoke!

DemonSpirit saw that there was no way to see through this smoke, so followed Little Ye Tian's instructions. A barrage of magic missiles shot out in the 8 o'clock direction! 2 of them actually managed to hit the enemy spellcaster...

GreenDew sighed at the close call. If she hadn't reacted instantly, perhaps she would have suffered at least 6 hits. The other team probably relied on Little Tian that girl to mysteriously calculate her position. She activated a perception ability and saw an ultimate spell flying at her. They even guess where she would dodge!? She quickly went to another spot. *Has the girl already learned my habits? Such a terrifying analyst.* In the end, she decided to just stand with Lele. He hasn't been shot at even once... 

PassingBreeze sensed Zhang ZhengXiong approaching their ranged attackers. She entered stealth, and began to move to intercept him. Shadow step, she appeared to his side and stabbed her dagger at his back. Zhang ZhengXiong snorted, and his claws moved strangely as if to scratch and itch, blocking the attack. Taking advantage of the time she stopped moving, his leading leg stepped forwards, Fighting Power - Instant Whip. A tornado kick that seemed to break inertia swept out extraordinarily quickly. PassingBreeze quickly leaned to the side, dodging the attack, when she suddenly felt a sharp pain on her back. *Wha-! What did he do!?*

The hand that Zhang ZhengXiong had used to 'scratch his back' smashed down and elbowed her on the back, knocking her to the ground. By the time she rolled over, a fist was already coming at her.

PassingBreeze quickly activated a 2nd instant movement skill. Her prone body suddenly appeared in the air above his back, her daggers striking out like serpents, once again striking from behind. Ultimate - Toxic Fangs.

With his back to her, Zhang ZhengXiong laughed. He once again reached to his back, like how he blocked last time, leisurely using his claws as cover.

"Clang~!"

PassingBreeze's heart sank. *Just how fast was his reaction speed!? He can even react to this!? Even my sneak attack was futile and completely seen through.* Looking at his ferocious back, her unwillingness only became stronger...

Zhang ZhengXiong laughed condescendingly. Fighting Power - Smash! He knocked her flying into the air, the knock-up effect causing her to stiffen! He leapt up with a spin, dodging past GreenDew's Cone of Cold and the bomb that fell at his feet! In the air, he embraced PassingBreeze breeze from behind, holding her firmly. "Miss, it's a bit too early for you to be mounting sneak attacks on this brother. Also, your ultimate isn't cool enough!!!"

In the air, they began to fall, like a spinning meteor. This was his ultimate - Meteor Piledriver!

What Zhang ZhengXiong didn't know was that if he'd been hit by PassingBreeze's Toxic Fangs, he would have started losing up to 100 health a second for 30 seconds. Moreover, he'd be paralyzed every 5 seconds. It would have been hard to escape death.

"Boom~!"

"Player HeavenShakingMight has slain Player PassingBreeze..."
