---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 193"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

**Chapter 193: Battle Climax**

ThornyRose's side had lost an assassin, while the other side had lost an S ranked physical attacker.

"Such an amazing grappler. PassingBreeze was completely suppressed. All her attacks were futile..." DyedLily mutted.

"It wasn't that bad, at least his ultimate is on cooldown." FrozenCloud said as she noticed a trembling PassingBreeze who was still unable to accept her defeat. *PassingBreeze, my sister's substitute. Someone with a lot of potential. Her rank in the draft was higher than mine. If the one in the battle was me, I'm afraid I wouldn't do any better.*

"Brother Le's running skills are so good!!" Little Jade shrieked. The spectators all turned to look. Lin Le and GreenDew knew that if they let Shaking Bear approach, it would be hard to escape death, so they faced towards ThornyRose's location and ran. Lin Le used bombs and landmines to slowdown Zhang ZhengXiong's pursuit, while still running ahead of GreenDew. He even pushed her away and made sure to keep his distance, just incase she falls... This guy...

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the two running figures through the gradually dissipating smoke. Lin Le rushed madly without rest, leaving behind GreenDew. From the start, he had never intended to save her. Zhang ZhengXiong dodged past GreenDew's spell, and saw signs of her using her ultimate, so he used Flash Step to close the gap and grabbed her waist! Suplex! Lin Le swung his arm and used one of his main moves! TCR Homing Rockets! 

Zhang ZhengXiong broke out in cold sweat and dropped to the ground. *Lele wants to kill both me and GreenDew!! It's already too late to run!* He quickly activated his last movement skill and brought both himself and GreenDew to a spot over ten meters away. *Die GreenDew! Then admire me for my charming skill! Haha!!*

Beep~! Beep~! Beep~!

Boom~!!!

"Player HappyAndCheerful has slain player HeavenShakingMight and allied player GreenDew... Double kill..."

FrozenCloud was stunned. What happened? She quickly pulled out the recording of GreenDew and Lin Le running. Eh? The scene arrived to when Lin Le had given her a push. He had secretly put a mini time bomb on her. Looking closer, it wasn't just one or two. 

"Brother Lil'White! Sister Rose! I killed two enemies!! That spellcaster was so dumb, running beside me, thinking I was a teammate, even causing internal strife by attacking Brother Lil'Xiong. So stupid haha~... Eh, why does it say I killed my teammate GreenDew? Who's GreenDew!? Well whatever, Brother Lil'White! I killed two people!!" Lin Le began to run while taking credit for his achievement.

ThornyRose broke out in cold sweat. Lele, this bastard... However, it was a worthwhile trade. GreenDew for Shaking Bear. She was expecting Shaking Bear to decimate their entire backline. To be able to preserve Lele and his long distance firepower is not bad. However, thinking of GreenDew's death... She didn't know if she should consider it lucky or a disaster. The Bomber's skills didn't differentiate between enemies and allies. Her back suddenly shivered, and she looked up to see numerous frost grenades falling towards herself and FrozenBlood. *God damn!! This old lady guessed correctly!* She quickly coordinated with her opponent, FrozenBlood, and they kicked each, using it as a boost to get away.

"Hateful! I could have killed another two. It's not fun anymore, my skills are all on cooldown. Brother Lil'White! I'll be hiding and waiting for my cooldown!! You guys, good luck! Sister Rose! I didn't see you earlier! Teehee~!!" Lin Le threw down a smoke grenade, and his voice gradually got further away...

ThornyRose suddenly had a 'is Lele really on our team?' feeling. She strengthened her conviction to definitely not let Lele play the Bomber. He was more terrifying than a terrorist. Even the character's creator wasn't this messed up!!

Little Ye Tian's plan was also messed up due to Lin Le's inability to differentiate friend from foe. Her heart was extremely sullen. Lele's actions were always completely unpredictable, as if he was made to be her natural enemy! Her father was already a hard opponent, if Lele refreshed his cooldowns, using his weird intuition, perhaps the match would be decided right there!! Looking at Ye Cang and ThornyRose against herself and Sister Icy, she decided it should be enough!! "Sister DemonSpirit! Go kill Lele, don't let him get off cooldown otherwise the situation will become a mess again!!"

"But!" DemonSpirit frowned.

"Don't worry about this place!! Don't let Lele's skills get off cooldown! It's been 15 minutes, his main moves should be refreshing soon!!" Little Ye Tian gripped her crystal scepter tightly, quickly adding a shield onto herself, and scrambled to dodge a swipe at her throat. While running, she didn't forget to give FrozenBlood a shield before swapping their positions.

FrozenBlood saw Ye Cang suddenly in front of her, and launched a chain of dagger attacks.

Ye Cang frowned, what kind of skill was this? The two of them had switched spots. His dagger blocked the attacks, but things weren't going well. Although her speed was about the same as his, his skills were all on cooldown, especially his main skills. Windwalk still had 5 minutes, what would he do?

ThornyRose raised her brows and looked Little Ye Tian, who was now near her after swapping. Ye Cang probably couldn't hold up for long, but he had already completed his mission. She decided to go after the little girl, hoping that Lele doesn't get KOed by DemonSpirit... That little girl was not bad. Compared to GreenDew, her PK abilities were a bit better. ThornyRose threw out her longsword which became a silver flash. Little Ye Tian raised her shield to deflect the sword. Suddenly, a silhouetted flashed by, catching the sword, and slashed.

Little Ye Tian continued to block with her shield, slanting it in order to reduce the most force. ThornyRose raised her brows again. *This little girl's defensive ability is even more perfect than what they teach in the books... but books are just books, they can't compare to people!!* Her longsword moved in a strange manner, bypassing the edge of the shield, then making a sharp change in direction to slash towards Little Ye Tian's neck, however, the sword slashed through the neck without any resistance as if it had just attacked an illusion. ThornyRose suddenly recalled why the Rainbow Knight received its name. It was an illusion skill! That little girl had hidden herself!!! 

At this time, a massive explosion was heard.

"Player HappyAndCheerful has killed himself..." 

"Player HappyAndCheerful has slain DemonSpirit..."

"As expected of Lele..." Ye Cang said with his indifferent smile, his longsword intercepting a surprise attack from the shadows.

ThornyRose's heart shook. Mutual destruction! What happened!?

"Really a guy you can't look down on. Hiding in ambush in a hidden pond, covering himself in bombs, then setting them off all at once in order to take down DemonSpirit. To die in such a way, completely taking advantage of the Bomber's finally resort. In the end, he managed to kill 3 people: you and two others..." DyedLily said as she looked at GreenDew who had flames spouting from her eyes as she glared at the newly arrived Lin Le. 

What GreenDew was most angry about was not only did he use her as a human bomb, but he actually thought she was an enemy!
