---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 194"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 194: Angel's Descent and the Dance of Death**

ThornyRose looked at the three Little Ye Tians. *Rainbow Mirage? If the wrong one is attacked, the attacker will fall into an illusion. I have to carefully figure out which one is real...* She raised her shield, held her longsword behind her back, and slightly lowered her stance, "Holy Seal of Courage!"

Little Ye Tian knew the effects of this holy seal, and hesitated on whether to dispel it or not. If she dispelled it, she would be giving away her position, but if she didn't FrozenBlood would be pinned down. Her mind performed the calculations, but decided to dispel it in the end. She cast a spell, which dispersed the magic surrounding ThornyRose. 

ThornyRose smiled. *She's there!* In a flash of light, she arrived in front of the little girl, her longsword covered in sacred flames as she slashed. Holy power burst out of Little Ye Tian's crystal scepter. "Ultimate - Rainbow Fantasy!"

7 colors of light spread out, creating warped images of Little Ye Tian everywhere.

"Ultimate! Two Winged Angel's Descent!" A beam of light shined down from the sky. The image of an angel appeared behind ThornyRose. Like her, it was holding a sword and shield, and light twinkled in eyes. Even more light spilled out as it unfurled its wings, "Judgement!"

The illusory world was shattered with a swing of the angel's sword. Little Ye Tian sighed, *so it's no good. Sister Rose's character suppresses the Rainbow Knight. If the opponent was FrozenBlood, Rainbow Fantasy could have trapped her for a long time, even dealing a large amount of damage, but Sister Rose's ultimate has the ability to dispel illusions.*

ThornyRose had activated her Ultimate! For a support to be able to force her to use her ultimate, the little girl was pretty good, but FrozenBlood knew that the little girl was done. She had to quickly take care for PaleSnow. Ultimate - Shadow Dance! Four phantoms surrounded Ye Cang, engulfing him in a dance of daggers, each using all sorts of skills.

Ye Cang's longsword swung like the wind, and his dagger unceasingly moved, blocking the fatal strikes! The four phantoms + FrozenBlood attacked for the durations of her ultimate, but only managed to hit him 3 times: right leg, left leg, and shoulder. She was astonished, what kind of reaction speed and perfect defence was that!?

"Haha~! My brother is the best among us! It won't be so easy getting rid of him..." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled brightly.

"Yeah, yeah, Brother Lil'White is the strongest!!" Lin Le chimed in, as he walked towards the depressed DemonSpirit, made a face, shook his butt, and the stuck out his tongue. "Teach you to try and kill someone when their skills are on cooldown~~ Villain! Stupid!"

DemonSpirit clenched her fists. This HappyAndCheerful bastard!

"Brother Le, so cute~~~" Little Jade's words made GreenDew shiver. *Cute!? Did you not see how I died!? He made me a human bomb!!*

"Welcome to the team..." DyedLilly reached out her hand to the smiling Zhang ZhengXiong.

"Well said..." Zhang ZhengXiong gripped her hand.

10 seconds later.

"Still not letting go!!?" DyedLily's shouted in a deep voice, veins visibly throbbing on her forehead. *Turns out he's a damn playboy.*

"Haha~ I was lost in thought..." Zhang ZhengXiong awkwardly let go, then went to the side and threw an arm around FrozenCloud. "Lil'Dino... We're good brothers right!?"

"What do you want?" FrozenCloud wrinkled her forehead and said unhappily.

"That girl is not bad, help me out. Sometimes, it's hard for a guy like me to approach her, but you're considered a girl and can sneak behind enemy lines..." Zhang ZhengXiong's words made FrozenCloud want to punch him in the face right then and there. *What do you mean I'm considered a girl!?* She sighed, and not knowing why, her heart felt a bit sad. She faintly raised her head, "I'll think about it..."

"My bro is about to get serious, FrozenBlood better not hold back, otherwise..." Zhang ZhengXiong saw the corner of Ye Cang's lips faintly curl.

DyedLily was startled. His skills were all on cooldown, and he was an A rank character against an S rank, the gap was not small. A rank characters only had 1 Ultimate, and and 2 Main skills, but S rank characters had 2 Ultimates and 3 Main skills. FrozenBlood had only used 1 Ultimate and 2 Main skills, so she still had 2 trump cards. That PaleSnow had already used everything to take out ElegantFragrance, surprising everyone! An A rank character defeating an S ranked! 

"Don't look down on him. I'm fairly capable in melee, but in front of him, I couldn't even do anything..." ElegantFragrance smiled bitterly.

FrozenBlood's attacks became even more fierce. Ye Cang was beginning to feel the effects of getting hit on his two legs and shoulder, which had lost him some mobility. Turning his body to dodge the dagger coming at his heart, his own dagger made for her throat, and his longsword slashed upwards.

FrozenBlood's left hand blocked the longsword, and she twisted, dodging the dagger. Ye Cang faintly smiled, his dagger suddenly stopped in midair, then changed directions stabbing her throat. Seeing the results, he sighed... his damage was still too low.

FrozenBlood was startled. Just now, the first slash at her throat was a feint! The stab was the real attack! Such precise control of his strength! She quickly retreated. Ye Cang closed his eyes, returning his dagger to its sheath, then raised his sword with one hand, pointing the tip at FrozenBlood. "Come..."

FrozenBlood watched his casual movements. His defence appeared to be full of holes, yet she felt like she shouldn't attack. The tip of his sword followed her every movement, moreover, always pointing straight at her heart. Shadow Step! She instantly appeared behind Ye Cang only to be greeted by a longsword stabbed from under his armpits, straight at her heart! She quickly twisted, but discovered it was as if the sword had eyes. He still had his back to her! Seeing the sword about to stab into her heart, she deflected it with her dagger and leapt back, retreating a few steps.

Ye Cang slowly turned his head, and continued pointing his sword at her, the tip still pointing straight at her heart. With his two eyes still close, he murmured, "Even if I can't see you, I can clearly sense your heartbeat. When it stops, is when I done..."

Heart!? The Storm Fencer didn't have such an ability!! He was like CloudDragon, LordAsked and those other freaks who could use their finely tuned senses from reality to grasp their surroundings. She thought back to her own battles with CloudDragon, that feeling of having everything seen through. Ultimate! Flash Dance! Bright Flash!

A cold blade instantly slashed at Ye Cang's throat. Clang~! Ye Cang's longsword blocked it, but a long streak was still left on his neck, leaving him with only half his health left. His longsword was like a shooting star, streaking towards the silhouette who appeared at his back, straight at the heart. FrozenBlood watched as her own health also fell to half. Dark Flash!

FrozenBlood was greatly alarmed. He was actually like CloudDragon, FlameEmperor who could see through Dark Flash on their first time, perfectly blocking it! Single Flash! She became two slashes which struck towards him.

Ye Cang frowned, it must be nice having two ultimates. Was it one attack? Or are both real? Should he gamble on it? No... His longsword slashed and he drew his dagger. Two clangs~ rang out creating two sparks. It turns out both were real...

It wasn't over yet! Dragon Flash! 2 slashes became 5! Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat, this would be the end.

Clang~ Clang~ Clang~! He blocked 3 of the slashes, then was struck once each on his waist and shoulder.

Ye Cang looked at his remaining 5 health. *So dangerous.* He slowly opened his eyes. *However, it's interesting...*
