---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 195"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 195: Mock Battle Ends**

After Dragon Flash, FrozenBlood looked at Ye Cang. He only had a tiny smidge of health left, no matter where she attacked now, he would be dead. She circled around him cautiously, looking for an opportunity, because she knew that oftentimes the battle could be reversed during that final strike...

Ye Cang didn't move. He stood there foolishly with his longsword pointing at the ground. He took a deep breath and called out, "Good timing! Sister Rose! Attack her left!!"

FrozenBlood furrowed her brows. *ThornyRose is here!?* In that instance, Ye Cang quickly escaped from her range and began running in the opposite direction, disappearing into the rose garden."Sister Rose! The rest is up to you! All my skills are on cooldown! I'll come help you when they're ready!! Good luck!!"

ThornyRose had expended all her skills as well as her two ultimates to kill Little Ye Tian. It was hard to imagine that she was up against a support. Hearing Ye Cang's shout, she shot him a dirty glance. However, that guy was really not simple. He had killed ElegantFragrance, lured out the little girl's invulnerability, and even forced FrozenBlood to use all her ultimates. Moreover, he actually hadn't died... For an A rank character, this was a miracle.

FrozenBlood was about to chase, but suddenly discovered that all traces of him had disappeared. Roughly calculating the time, it must be Windwalk! She quickly entered stealth. 

ThornyRose watched as the two of them disappeared, feeling helpless. She sat down in the forest of roses and began to slowly recover her health as she waited. Even if the damn lowlife died, she had to be in her best condition when facing FrozenBlood. Sitting beside a cluster of flowers, she started meditating.

FrozenBlood sensed some shrubs behind her being stepped on. It took her only 0.1 seconds to turn and attack the spot. At this time, Ye Cang's sword stabbed out three times, into her heart from behind. Then with his indifferent smile, he said as if it was natural, "Its stopped..."

"This guy... fast..." FrozenBlood looked at him and sighed before disappeared into a beam of light. 

ThornyRose couldn't help gasping in amazement. PaleSnow and those others all possessed the potential to become superstars. Especially Shaking Bear and PaleSnow. Lele too, although still inexperienced.They were all newcomers, but if they matured, it wouldn't be a dream to take on the 4 great guilds. Perhaps her dream could... come true.

After the victory announcement, everyone in the spectators room met up in the meeting room outside the arena. The last few fighters also arrived.

"If there's training, I'll contact everyone. Palesnow, Shaking Bear, Lele, Little Tian, FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, DyedLily, PassingBreeze, DemonSpirit, Kitty, GreenDew, you all stay behind. The rest can take a break..." ThornyRose announced after thinking it over.

The ones who weren't called left one after the other. DyedLily looked at the remaining members. These were the people who would probably be part of the main force or substitutes. However, it was a bit early to decide it just like that. It's not that it was too early to decide the lineup, but it was too early for Ye Cang and the others. The club members might not accept it if too many of the spots was taken by newcomers as soon as they joined. But these guys were truly strong. If they joined a big club, they would definitely receive important positions; if not as part of the main line-up, they would definitely at least be able to enter battles.

ThornyRose pulled Ye Cang over, "I want to know, if another club invites you, what would you do..."

"Would they pay?" Ye Cang asked.

"...eh," ThornyRose forced a smile, "I'll pay you guys the salary of top gamers..."

"Is that right?" Little Ye Tian poked her head in, "then let's redo the contract. 2 seasons time limit, no playing for other teams. With today's video, many clubs would happily have us..."

"No need..." Ye Cang said, pushing down on Little Ye Tian's head. He looked at ThornyRose and smiled, "Madam, just have everyone come to LinHai for a meal... I'll host it, even personally cook."

ThornyRose was about to say something, but was stopped by Ye Cang. What does he mean? Actually, Little Ye Tian's words weren't excessive. On the contrary, she didn't really understand Ye Cang's meaning. Thinking it over, she smiled, "I'll agree to the little girl's idea. We'll go according to the contract for top gamers, but you guys have to follow the club rules. As for the meal, if there's time, I'll notify you..."

Ye Cang grabbed ThornyRose's shoulders, and turned her around so that her back was facing him. He then looked to Little Ye Tian and smiled, "This is called letting loose in order to capture later, understand...?"

"Amazing..." Lin Le said with a look of worship. Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, "As expected of my bro..."

Little Ye Tian's two eyes were full of admiration. *Father is amazing! Settling the contract in an instant, not to mention he even created an opportunity for Brother Xiong to get close to the girls, while simultaneously getting so many guinea pigs to test his cooking. It's simply killing 3 birds with 1 stone...*

"..." The girls all broke out in cold sweat. ThornyRose felt her chest tighten. *How many times do I have to tell you!! Talking behind people's back doesn't mean to literally talk behind their backs!* She sighed, "Don't mess with this lady! Hah~ Lele's Bomber will be saved for special circumstances, we need to decide on a main character for him. You and A'Xiong too. The little girl is fine as the Rainbow Knight. For any league related things, I'll contact you. You can go fishing now."

The moment ThornyRose finished speaking, Ye Cang and the others simultaneously disappeared, logging off.

"........." Everyone looked at the place where they vanished from, dumbfounded. Were they really fishermen?

"Looks like our wallet will bleed..." ThornyRose smiled bitterly.

"Rose, you're for real?" FrozenBlood raised her eyebrows, excited.

"Looks like you want to stake it all on this year's Great Christmas War..." DyedLily smiled.

"However, how will you acquire them? S ranked characters aren't cheap, and no guild would sell them..." FrozenCloud frowned.

"Well, I have to try. Rather than worrying about me, Lil'Dino should worry about your trip to Korea. PaleSnow just asked me for some pictures of beauties to use as reference for your plastic surgery..." ThornyRose faintly smiled.

"......" (Other members).

"I... It's all your fault Sister Rose!!" FrozenCloud exclaimed, not knowing how else to respond.

PassingBreeze silently turned and left the club.

"Looks like Shaking Bear gave her quite the shock..." FrozenBlood murmured, looking at her back.

"Then what about your defeat to that guy?" ThornyRose pointed out.

"It's different. I don't know why, but it doesn't feel that bad losing to him. From the moment he was able to defend against my Shadow Dance without any skills, I already knew... Team Leaders, that guy... Is not much weaker than CloudDragon. Moreover, I underestimated him. To be able to use an A rank character to that degree, it felt like I was up against an S rank character..." FrozenBlood shrugged.

"Alright, alright. Let's meet up at my pub later and talk about that HappyAndCheerful. That guy..." DemonSpirit's words made ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and FrozenCloud all break out into laughter.

"That's fine. Rose, tell us all about your fiance later..." DyedLily smiled.

"F\*\*k! Who told you he is my fiancee!!!?" ThornyRose immediately roared. She turned to look straight at ElegantFragrance, already knowing the answer. She said behind clenched teeth, "That rumor spreading b*tch..."

---

TN: I fixed a scene in chapter 182 where ThornyRose and FrozenBlood were talking. The mentioned spending money to recruit people... It seems I mistranslated it. They are going to buy better characters for our group of 4 if they performed well :D Can't wait to see what they will be.