---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 196"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 196: Studio

In LinHai, under the scorching summer sun, on top of the peaceful sea, a young girl was at the helm preparing to drop anchor. On the deck, three guys were in their underpants, suntanning. Wu Na, who was in the shade enjoying a cold drink, couldn't help sighing emotionally. It was so nice to have a boat...

Ye Cang slowly got up and stretched. He looked at all the relaxed people, "I have something to say..."

The four others lazily turned to look at him.

"After carefully thinking it over, and with my understanding of the virtual market, I've decided that we should establish a studio... It will have the same name as our guild - Happy Firmament..." Ye Cang's words made Lin Le freeze. "What's a studio?"

As for Ye Cang's 'careful thinking', it was just seeing other people on the web do it.

"It's an organization established by a small group or a single person, that provides a space for creative thinking or work. There are many kinds. Most of them operate like companies. Many studios are created because of shared ideals, desires, or benefits. In other words, it's a small company, just with less restrictions..." Little Ye Tian, the encyclopedia, explained.

"Indeed. In the virtual world, there are many studios. Many big companies all started from little studios, like Europe's ALT. They were once a small studio who worked for the Knights of the Round Table. They weren't taken seriously at the time, however... in the game Chemical Age, the Alt studio members managed to kill the elemental king, allowing them to successfully break away from the Knight of the Round Table and establishing their own club. Even now, they are a pretty famous team. Thorns and Roses use to be a small studio too..." Wu Na shrugged. She knew quite a bit about the gaming world, unlike Ye Cang and those guys who only watched dramas. When she was young, she was pretty fond of watching the competitions, and even considered being a professional gamer. She was a fan of the golden generation's Sakura Martial Artist - Izayoi Majima. 

Wu Na had no idea that the people in front of her were now part of the Thorns and Roses club's main force.

"Bro, I think it sounds reasonable. It's decided then. You can be the chairman. Me and Lele will be vice-chairmen. Little Tian will be our treasurer..." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled.

"I'm a vice-chairman!!" Lin Le cheered, then quickly ran to the side to call his legendary girlfriend and tell her the good news. "A'Xin, we've set up a studio. Lele is now a vice-chairman..."

In Russia, Song Xin heard Lin Le's words and couldn't help ridiculing, "Does he pay you?"

"Brother Lil'White! Do I get paid!?" Lin Le shouted.

"Nope!!" Ye Cang shouted back. "Say hi to sister-in-law for me. Tell her we're still accepting donations!!"

"Ok!!" Lin Le happily replied. "Brother Lil'White isn't paying us. He says we're still accepting donations. What does that mean?"

"........." Song Xin suddenly felt her heart becoming heavy. *He's not paying you, so what are you so happy about?* However, she still spoke with a smile, "Congratulations..."

She told Lin Le to take care of himself and such, then hung up the phone. With her hand on her forehead, she began to laugh.*Those brothers... really...*

Wu Na watched the fiasco speechlessly. *Just how did he get to know Song Xin!!* Everytime she recalled that Lele had such a super-goddess, Lin Hai city's publicly recognized top bachelorette, as his girlfriend, it made her feel like she had her head shot off by a heavy-caliber sniper rifle. "Right, if everyone is either a chairman or vice-chairman, then who're the employees?"

"You. You're also the cleaning lady and miscellaneous chores person..." Ye Cang said, rolling his eyes at her.

Wu Na froze, then exploded with anger. She reached out and pinched Ye Cang's face. "I'm what..."

"Public relations manager..." Ye Cang sensed Wu Na's terrifying aura and said calmly.

"That's better..." Wu Na relaxed her hand, and returned to enjoying the sea.

"Looks like our employee can only be Lil'Dino..." Ye Cang sighed.

FrozenCloud, who was shopping with the girls in the capital's most popular mall, suddenly felt a chill and shivered. *It's probably just the air conditioning...*

"Brother Xiong, let's go catch fish!!" Lin Le called to him, holding a harpoon over his shoulder.

"Bro, you coming?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked after running to get his harpoon.

"Alright. I'll show you why I'm called the best fisherman in all the seas..." Ye Cang said casually, then ran to the side of the boat and jumped in. The two followed behind him.

Wu Na sighed. All three of them were like kids. She closed her eyes and began to relax. Suddenly, she felt something blocking the sun and it wasn't a parasol. She raised her head to see an enormous ferocious beast. She was stunned, and then broke out in cold sweat. "I'll !@$!@#%!$!#@$..."

"Sharks don't taste good..." Little Ye Tian said indifferently. Ye Cang thought for a bit, then with a single hand, threw it back into the sea. 

"Bye bye~~" Lin Le didn't forget to run to the edge and wave to the confused shark. 

Wu Na recalled that he could rip apart alloys with his bare hands. Looking at his thin body, she simply couldn't believe it.

That evening, after returning to their small cottage and making dinner, Lele was watching TV as he ate. Ye Cang changed into an ordinary black sleeveless shirt and brown pants, then yawned as he looked towards Wu Na and Lin Le. "I'm going out for a walk..."

"I'm going to sleep..." Lin Le sleepily made his way up to his room. Wu Na saw that she was the only one left, so returned to her room and started thinking about her music. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he was at the beach, training his body.

"Bro, you're going to go see that girl that looks like sister, right?" Zhang ZhengXiong saw Ye Cang passing by with a heavenly fox mask in his hand, and smiled. 

"Mind your own business, just focus on your training..." Ye Cang said unhappily. He slowly raised the mask in his hand, and murmured, "Seeing that girl so bitter about losing, I don't know why but, I want to help her..."

"Bro..." Zhang ZhengXiong stopped.

"A'Xiong, why don't you come too. You can teach her to train her body, and scare her a little while you're at it..." Ye Cang smiled. 

Zhang ZhengXiong saw Ye Cang's naughty smile, and couldn't help smiling as he recalled their old mischief. "I still have my mask, let me go get it. To be able to mess with someone who looks like sister, this'll be fun. She beat us quite a bit when we were kids..."

Ye Cang watched Zhang ZhengXiong's back, then turned to look at the bright sky with a smile as he recalled old memories. He slowly put on his mask.
