---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 198"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 198: Determined Investment**

Today, they didn't go out to sea. Instead, they sat on the front porch eating watermelon. Sitting in a row starting with Zhang ZhengXiong, then Ye Cang, Lin Le, Ye Tian, everyone who walked would stare foolishly...

"I'm so bored..." Lin Le said lazily while swinging his legs.

"Yeah..." Ye Cang spat out a seed.

"It's alright..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, staring at the women walking by.

Little Ye Tian was just silently eating her watermelon. 

The four of them didn't speak for a while, just eating and staring, lost in thought...

"Little Tian, help me scratch my back..." Lin Le said, turning around. Little Ye Tian reached out and helped him scratch.

"Bro, help me massage my shoulders... Ow! Ow ow! It's gonna snap! Bro! Gentler!!" Zhang ZhengXiong cried out.

...

The capital, Vermillion Bird district, in some villa.

"Father, I'm taking your secret stash of money, it's an emergency!" ThornyRose said as she tried to tear the credit card away from her father, Qin San.

"Noo! You unfilial daughter! This is the money your father painstakingly hid from your mother! It wasn't easy, it's my life's work!!" Qin San shouted.

"If you don't give it to me, I'll go tell mother. Otherwise, invest it in me, you might even make a profit. It's better than directly letting mother confiscate it. Choose!" ThornyRose's said.

Her words stunned her father, "You ingrate, I suffered so much to raise you. Yet you... you......"

"Master, Miss, the Madam has returned..." The butler knocked from outside the door and warned them.

"You win!" Qin San said, reluctantly letting go. Hearing footsteps, he quickly sat up. "Zhen'er, father can only give you ideas, you'll have to think about it yourself."

"I know, Father..." ThornyRose immediately put on a respectful expression.

"What are you two consulting about?" A beauty that resembled ThornyRose entered their sight. If they were to stand together, others would think they were a pair of sisters.

"Some business related things..." Qin San explained, then turned to give his daughter a meaningful glance. *Hurry and get out of here...*

ThornyRose was about to leave, when her mother suddenly smiled, "Wait, earlier I took a walk around the yard, and ran into your cousin. He said you have a sweetheart now, his ID was something like PaleSnow. But most importantly, he's a man! Oh thank you great ancestors. Hah~ I was afraid I wouldn't be able to see my grandchildren. That Icy is not bad. I don't care if you two are in love and vowed to be together forever or whatever, but to go any further is unethical... Not saying that I'm against lesbians, but our family still needs a successor... Zhen'er, you should understand me and your father's pain. Find some time and bring him over. Family background and whatever, I won't care at all. As long as you like him, he's healthy, and most importantly, he's a male, then I'll be grateful."

ThornyRose immediately broke out in cold sweat. *So you've been looking at your daughter like that this whole time. What do you mean as long as I like them and it's a male. The rumors about me and Icy sure spread far, so strange. Vowing to be together forever!? Where did you hear that!* Looking at mother Qin's resolute expression, ThornyRose almost choked. "Ummm, mother. Icy and I..."

"It's alright, you don't have to say it, but you still have to know when to let go. I want to see him by the end of next week, otherwise..." Mother Qin's smile became more gentle. ThornyRose could feel her back becoming drenched in sweat. She knew clearly how twisted this woman in front of her was. It had been ingrained into her since she was young. "I'll be leaving first..."

Father Qin quickly followed her out, and pulled her to the side. "Haha~ Good girl. Zhen'er, you've finally grown up. Just consider the money a gift. Don't worry about Icy, she'll understand. Later I'll pay a visit to the Su family, and have a chat with Old Su, tell him to comfort little Icy a bit. Old Su will definitely be very happy about the news. Hah~ Every time we went to drink, he'd get depressed about the relationship between you two..."

"Ummm, father. I was actually picked up from somewhere and adopted by you and mother, right..." ThornyRose wasn't sure how to respond, so she just asked expressionlessly. 

"You!! You found out? Hah~ We were going to wait till you were a bit older to tell you..." Father Qin sighed, looking like he was about to cry. He then perked up, "Haha~ girl, bet I scared you..."

"......" ThornyRose rolled her eyes, speechless. *I'm already 26! Can you stop messing around!?* "Don't feel like talking to you..."

ThornyRose walked to a separate courtyard, and pulled out her cellphone. She gnashed her teeth as she looked at CloudDragon's number. *This damn bastard. But how in the world did the rumor about me and Icy spread? Whoever it was, they better not let me find them!!*

ElegantFragrance, who was taking a stroll, suddenly sneezed. "Who's talking about me...?"

ThornyRose worked for the entire night. Those S class characters were hard enough to get, let alone ones that suited those three. After a round of filtering, she sighed, then looked again at CloudDragon's number. *It's worth a try.* "Let's talk business..."

"Such as?" CloudDragon asked doubtfully.

"Transfer of S rank characters..." ThornyRose knew CloudDragon's temperament. This guy hated the pleasantries.

"Reason? Given Thorns and Roses's athletes, even with S rank characters, it won't make much difference. Rather than spending money on characters, you'd do better to try and poach some players from other teams..."

"PaleSnow, Shaking Bear, Lele, and the little girl formally joined Thorns and Roses's club." ThornyRose said. CloudDragon was silent for a moment. "And?"

"Telling you this won't hurt. PaleSnow used the Storm Fencer and killed both ElegantFragrance and FrozenBlood..." ThornyRose's words made CloudDragon rather excited. The difficulty of using an A rank character to kill two S ranked characters was fairly high. FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance could be considered decent. Interesting. "Give me all the recording from your training. I can give you 1 characters, but you'll have to do something about the other two yourself."

ThornyRose hesitated, then clenched her teeth and sent all the recordings over. "Ok... The specifics?"

"I can't offer you any well known characters. I can only afford to give up either the Blade Demoness or the Undead Shaman. Think over it for a bit..." As soon as he finished speaking, he ended the call and began to watch the recordings.

ThornyRose sighed. This matter was too difficult for her. Neither of the characters were considered high tier, and were also not too popular. In the end, she decided on the Blade Demoness. After going through the procedures, she watched as the money she had just procured drop by a quarter. 10 billion federal dollars were transferred away just like that, making her laugh bitterly. This was only the start. Hopefully things would go as she wanted...
