---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 199"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "TheDarkLink, roboxroz"
---

### Chapter 199: The Golden Generation

ThornyRose gulped. She had managed to purchase the Fist Hero, an upper-middle tiered S rank character, from MistyVeil of the Misty Rain House.

"Lord's Reign might have an S rank character available... If you want it, I won't fight over it with you since you're aunt's daughter. However, it won't be cheap... You also know what they're like..." MistyVeil said. There was another point, it was an old benched character. Those who could use heavy weapons characters well in the arena were too few, so even if they obtained it, it wouldn't see much use. They were simply too easy to target.

ThornyRose looked at the character she was about to purchase, S rank - Giant Blade Warrior - Yummy Cabbage, and scowled. *It's this eternally benched character. What do you mean you won't fight over it with me. You clearly just don't want it!* This was character that even a normal player wouldn't pick. His main moves were area attacks, which was alright. His two ultimates: one was a single target, while the other could hit a maximum of 3 people. The problem was that he was too easy to dodge. The reason this character could become S rank is due to its absurd attack power. In that season of the game, it made a name for itself fighting bosses. Ultimately it managed to obtain an S rank evaluation at the end of the season. She thought it over, and sighed. Her remaining money was only enough to buy it. So with MistyVeil's recommendation, she purchased it.

"Rose, I heard you also got a character from Mad War. What are you up to?" MistyVeil asked with a smile.

"Secret..." ThornyRose smiled back.

"Oh right, aunt called me earlier and said you and Icy broke up? That man should be Brother Hero of Really New Village's Three Brothers right? I heard ElegantFragrance say you two were really open, doing it in the middle of the street...." MistyVeil began to gossip.

ThornyRose ended the call, then covered her forehead. *Even she knows...* She sighed. MisyVeil, was an amazing woman. Whether it's social, strength, or command, she could do it all. To be able to become one of the four heavenly kings and the leader of one of the four great guilds, the Misty Rain House, it was clear she was capable. Even CloudDragon couldn't take it easy when facing her team. However, whether she should be one of the four heavenly kings was a controversial topic, because she couldn't compare with LordAsked in a duel. However her many other talents made up for this point. ThornyRose thought back to one time where MistyVeil was surrounded, but had turned the tables and surrounded her opponents instead. Those hot (even ThornyRose thinks she's hot) red phoenix eyes<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> of hers could see through any scheme. She used her gossip radar, which was spread to every big guild in the world. Wherever there was news, she would probably know it. Moreover she was also China's most beautiful woman... Tch~

Capital - Liu Family Courtyard. There was a fountain in the middle with a sculpture of a young boy peeing while looking sharply into the distance.

"Thorns and Roses's new recruits? Brother Hero, Brother Diamond, Brother Mad Devil Le, and the little handcart showgirl - NightSky." MistyVeil received their profiles, and looked through them. "Interesting, they all possess the qualities of top athletes. One even passed the A rank training in 25 seconds with the Bomber... That girl ThornyRose is probably spending her hard-earned savings for them. Seems like I can't look down on them..."

"Sis, they're not that great. It's still just Thorns and Roses. Only ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and ElegantFragrance are decent. The newbies are after all just newbies, they won't make much of a difference..." Liu Yan said disdainfully. It made her recall the time she was walled off by YellowSprings in the Cemetery. 

"Never look down on others. Hasn't DarkBlade taught you anything... Wasn't he also a newbie? Yet he rose to fame in a single fight after inheriting an S rank assassin, killing both you and me, then escaping unscathed..." MistyVeil's words left Liu Yan speechless, her unwillingness to accept it still showing on her face. "He was just lucky..."

"Can you kill HeavenBlessed on your own? The saddest thing is not knowing oneself. We're not as good as the others great guilds, so we have to come up with a strategy to win from a positions of weakness, and definitely can't afford to act rashly. Damn girl, you're still so stubborn... Even heaven defying geniuses like FlameEmperor, CloudDragon, PureSoul, and LordAsked have weaknesses you know?" MistyVeil smiled as she knocked on Liu Yan's head.

Liu Yan revered MistyVeil, so she nodded. "I know, Sis."

All of Misty Rain's players knew that Liu Yan was MistyVeil's left and right hand, and also her blood related little sister who was 5 years younger. Many people thought she was all boobs no brain and had a temper like a female Zhang Fei<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>: easily angered, impatient, impulsive; but... her boldness and strength in battle was for certain. She was the trump card that the Misty Rain House had used their full strength to groom.

"Do you still remember the statue outside?" MistyVeil looked out the window and smiled, the light of hope in her eyes.

"The Chrysanthemum Emperor?" Liu Yan asked doubtfully.

"Mm. Although he was the leader of the Flame Dragon Union, he's still the symbol of our Misty Rain House. As arrogant as China is, it's been 200 years, and China has yet to produce another hero like that. We also haven't produced any characters like HeavenAndEarth, FlameDynast, Liu Yueru, Liu Yuexiu, and YellowEmperor; those characters from the golden generation that shined as bright as stars, who pushed China into the limelight. Last time, CloudDragon managed to make it to the top, but it was a desperate fight. ChildOfLight was only 0.1 seconds away from his cooldown. It was more luck than strength. In the historical challenge afterwards, he lost to the character of someone from the same Qin family as him - ManlyGodDragon. He couldn't even retaliate at all. I've never felt that sort of disappointment before. CloudDragon is many times stronger than either you or me, yet he didn't stand a chance against one of those legendary characters..." MistyVeil was a bit absent-minded as she murmured, "If we were to go up against Liu Yueru and Liu Yuexiu... no, not even them. If we were up against the island nation's legendary character - LeftHandedSwordSaint, we probably wouldn't fare any better..."

"There's nothing we can do. MadWar's God of Fists is halfway to being a god rank character. Aside from the Chrysanthemum Emperor, he was one of the 5 strongest..." Liu Yan said coldly. Everyone knew how screwed they would be if they randomly got one of those freaks. They'd probably be sh\*tting themselves before the fight even started, and the moment it did, they could only die miserable...

"So, I want to establish the strongest team in China, and let China stand at the peak once again..." MistyVeil said, emphasising every word.

Liu Yan froze. She could tell her sister was serious. She felt an indescribable feeling  feeling well up in her chest. *I have to work harder.* She clenched her two fists, her eyes resolute. "I got it..."

Meanwhile, CloudDragon had finished watching the training videos, and currently had his eyes closed. The corner of his mouth perked up as he opened his eyes, revealing a look of excitement. "Make me more excited. Without an opponent, how can I surpass him..."

---

TN: Omg... I hate doing names x.x As always, these new names might change when we get further into the story...

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: red phoenix eyes are eyes whose upper corner inclines upward.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: Zhang Fei, a famous chinese general in the three kingdoms period. He's known to have a short temper.

