---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 200"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 200: Meet-Up**

At this time, Ye Cang's group of four were still staring blankly while sitting on their front porch. Now, instead of eating watermelon, they were now drinking soda... A cellphone suddenly rang. Ye Cang picked it up and answered listlessly, "What..."

"Let's meet up. Venue will be in Lin Hai..." ThornyRose felt it was better to meet in person to tell them about the characters and discuss the arrangements. Moreover, it wasn't a long trip to Lin Hai. It didn't even take 2 hours on a hovering train. More importantly, those two people in her home were driving her insane, so it would be better to deal with it quickly, otherwise she would really go mad.

"Little Tian, what's our address?" Ye Cang looked over and asked.

"Lin hai, Songyang coast, number 216. Remember to bring some beef jerky... I'm suddenly craving it. A'Xiong, Lele, what do you two want to eat? Oh, also a roast goose..." Ye Cang said, making ThornyRose angry. *What am I!? Food delivery!?* She directly hung up. Songyang coast... She'd been there before. The scenery was pretty good. She went to the train station's shopping area and sighed.

"Bro, Sister Rose is coming to visit!? Is she bringing a bunch of beauties!?" Zhang ZhengXiong ask, excited.

"I don't know. She's probably coming by herself..." Ye Cang shrugged.

"I think it's to talk about club matters..." Little Ye Tian stated indifferently.

"Roast Goose, Roast Goose..." Lin Le said, swinging his legs.

"When is Nana coming home?" Lin Le asked.

"Probably not for three days. They're having group training..." Ye Cang recalled Wu Na's message.

"Their little concert, when is it bro? We should bring some people to go cheer..." Zhang ZhengXiong said with a smile while looking out to the sea.

"Alright, we have time in two days. You go bully some little brothers into going. I'll go find the underwear thief - Panty Uncle. Him and Flasher Uncle are old enemies, so getting them in the same place will be fun." Ye Cang nodded.

"We get to see Panty Uncle and Flasher Uncle's showdown again..." Lin Le said, happily looking forwards to it.

Little Ye Tian remained silent. Although she didn't know much, she still knew who Panty Uncle was. If you were walking through the streets and feel a breeze down there, then get home and see a heart drawn on your panties with a score in the middle, then you've probably run into Panty Uncle. Together with Flasher Uncle, they were the two greats of Lin Hai's east district, however, they don't get along because flasher uncle is someone who doesn't wear underwear. Their confrontations would often involve Panty Uncle trying to make Flasher Uncle wear underwear, while Flasher Uncler would preach about the greatness of nakedness. Victory or defeat had yet to be decided. They were tied so closely together that they even rose to fame together. Nowadays, Panty Uncle was like an idol in the shopping districts. Even though he did what he did, he was the east districts most handsome middle age bachelor, so all his victims would think themselves fortunate. To deal with the never-worn-underwear-before Flasher Uncle, the police and woman's association decided to employ Panty Uncle's skill to secretly take off and put back on underwear. Panty Uncle was skilled with both men and woman underwear, but if it was a woman's panties, it's said that a pair with Panty Uncle's evaluation could sell for up to 200,000 federal dollars. If it had the highest evaluation, it could even sell for up to 10,000,000 federal dollars. It was a popular item amongst collectors, and was still growing in price every year.

Both of them were legends in the east district and were often discussed enthusiastically...

...

Wu Na, who was at the concert hall busy looking over the music score and equipment, suddenly felt a chill down her back. *Those guys are definitely talking about me!* She shook her head. "A'Bao, inspect the jazz drums. It sounded a bit weird when K was playing it earlier."

...

ThornyRose got off the train, and after a transfer, arrived at Songyang coast. Holding a bag of beef jerky in one hand and a box of roast goose takeout in the other, she once again sighed deeply. She walked on the beach with her high heeled sandals towards Ye Cang and the other's seaside cottage.

Ye Cang looked at the person coming. Short hair, tall, a hat that blocked out the sun, a blue and white summer dress. It's her... He slowly got up and walked over. "ThornyRose right...?"

ThornyRose looked at the one walking directly to her and froze. He had white hair, white eyebrows, white eyelashes, and pink pupils. He still had that signature indifferent tone. She immediately snapped out of it and looked at the 2 meter tall giant walking up behind him. This was definitely Shaking Bear. The little one staring at the roast goose in her hand was definitely Lele. As for the little girl, it didn't even need to be said. Looking at Ye Cang, she couldn't think of anything to say, so just said awkwardly, "You're... Really easy to recognize..."

Zhang ZhengXiong helped her carry the food and said with a smile, "Let's go in and sit down..."

ThornyRose couldn't bear it. In a few steps, she arrived in front of Ye Cang, and reached out to touch his hair...

"What are you doing..." Ye Cang said dumbfounded. He recalled that this woman was sick and figured she probably forgot to take her medicine again today.

ThornyRose examined it and saw that the roots of his hair was also white. It was natural. An albino? It couldn't be. An albino's skin would age early. It must be some mutation. She didn't know why, but seeing it, she didn't feel disappointed at all, in fact, she felt more at ease. With a smile, she replied, "Oh, nothing. Very cool. It's very unique..." 

"I don't need you to tell me, it's obvious!" Ye Cang said unhappily.

"You!!" *This guy. Even in reality, he isn't the least bit likeable.* 

The five of them entered the cottage. ThornyRose looked around, the cottage was decorated pretty well. It had a cozy, old, wooden theme, and was positioned in a place where the sea breeze crossed. These few guys were living a pretty good life.

"Anything to drink? Soda or water, pick one. You can add ice." Little Ye Tian asked indifferently.

"Soda with ice..." ThornyRose nodded.

"Sister Rose, you're so beautiful. You definitely have many..." Zhang ZhengXiong sat beside her and began to flatter her, however he didn't even get to finish before ThornyRose unhappily cut him off, "Stop. I know what you want, we can talk about it later..." *Does this guy thinks about nothing but mating?* She sighed, "Let's introduce ourselves."

They went through a round of introductions, and ThornyRose learned their real names: Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, Ye Tian. Ye Cang and the others also learned ThornyRose's real name, Qin Zhen

Ye Cang leisurely sat on her other side, and watched Lin Le relishing the roast goose. He himself held the beef jerky and said indifferently, "Speak..."

"I'll skip the pleasantries then. These are the details for 3 S rank characters. Take a look." ThornyRose displayed the data on her cellphone.

Little Ye Tian glanced through it, then raised her brows, "According to my information and analyses, the blade demoness is for big brother, the Fist Hero is for Brother Xiong, and the Giant Blade Warrior Brother Le's. You've probably already decided on this, moreover it's something we could have talked about at the club training. Speak up, what are you here for?"

ThornyRose was in the middle of dealing with her embarrassment and preparing herself to speak, when her words were suddenly halted. That little girl really was as annoying as in the game. "Mm, umm, PaleSnow, can we speak privately..."

Ye Cang was puzzled, but followed her to the back.

"These three S rank characters were extremely expensive..." ThornyRose's words made Ye Cang quickly retreated backwards. He decisively said, "I'm very poor..."

"..." ThornyRose rolled her eyes and shouted, "I'm not here to take your money! I just need you to help me with something."

"What..." Ye Cang faintly raised his brows and asked.
