---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 501"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 501: The Creation of Tofu

The defeated Allie and Jenny both froze. They looked at Liliana's back and felt like they could see her sneering. Unwillingness, anger, humiliation; they felt a tangle of emotions. Even though they didn't care about being number one, but no one liked to lose, especially when it came to their charm. They couldn't accept this!

Allie was trembling from head to toe. *Next time! Next time I will definitely prepare better!*

Jenny turned away sadly. Seeing Ye Cang's happy expression as he applauded Liliana, she bit her lips. *Next time, I'll make you clap for me! This chance is already gone. Hah...*

Mar junior climbed onto the table, planning to survey Liliana's wardrobe malfunction, when he felt a chill down his spine. He quickly sat down and put on a righteous and stern expression.

Everyone watched as Liliana suddenly got up. Her ample peaks looked like they would jump out of her clothes at any time, but stopped before they could go too far. She smiled, "Actually, I'm not even wearing anything under..."

She put her hands on her hips and raised her chin proudly while being crowned by Ye Cang. "Our darling goddess is born! Liliana, I really didn't misjudge you..."

"It is all president's guidance." Liliana bowed. Everyone's eyes were glued to her collar while she bowed.

"You've all worked hard, go back and rest." Ye Cang said. Liliana, wearing her gorgeous laurel, strut her perky butt back to the goddess association. All the men watched with absent-minded and regretful expressions.

Allie frowned, staring at Liliana's back. Truly a formidable opponent, such deep schemes. She turned and returned to the cafe to continue her business.

Jenny reluctantly walked home.

"Truly a rarity." Mar Junior muttered, then felt as if his crotch had been clamped. He looked at the smiling Aiki and immediately broke out in cold sweat.

"Not bad. President, in the future, you should hold more events like this that promote self-awareness and bodily health. This old man will be going back to water the plants." Makarlo left satisfied. FrozenCloud and some others blushed with shame. That old lecher...

Thanks to this event, the goddess tea shop, goddess association, as well as the surrounding stores became very popular. Black Rock City and White Stone City even started a Top 10 Goddess craze. A large poster of Liliana hung outside the goddess association. Her enticing pose and ecstatic expression caused many people to log off. For a time, she became one of the two great elven beauties.

Ye Cang, CloudDragon, LordAsked, NalanPureSoul and ThornyRose were currently in a meeting on the second floor of the goddess association. As goddess association shareholders, they had the right to be there.

"Tomorrow's battlefield, you should bring your people to participate. Of the factions, ours is actually a bit inferior." ThornyRose knew that they had crossed the Black Peaks and even went to the southern Farsarqi.

CloudDragon also thought they same. Last time, he and NalanPureSoul had been assigned to the battle against the elven nation. Victory was inevitable. However, the battle against the Steel Empire had the number one player Flame Emperor, a guy that one shouldn't easily provoke. Just relying on LordAsked, some trash guilds and the Flame Dragon Union traitors who were in Black Rock City just wasn't enough! They needed another powerful and influencial person to join the fray.

In the last battle against Flame Emperor, CloudDragon had already acknowledged Ye Cang's skill and potential, which were definitely not inferior to his own. Whichever battlefield Ye Cang gets assigned to would have their pressure significantly reduced. The inclusion of Really New Village's Three Brothers was a must. Especially HeavenShakingMight's auras, which were completely capable of turning the tides of battle.

Ye Cang agreed to participate. After that, the few of them discussed the construction and other matters with Little Ye Tian. Finally, the only one left was ThornyRose.

"The semi-finals are in another half a month. The Great Christmas War's quota will depend on the next match. Have you made your preparations?" ThornyRose slowly got up.

"What semi-finals?" Ye Cang looked confused. 

Lin Le scratched is head, "Lele thinks it sounds familiar but not familiar."

"The club leagues." Zhang ZhengXiong reminded.

ThornyRose was about to go berserk. In the past month, besides handling things in the game, she had practically put all her effort to preparing for the league! Yet this bastard forgot!? He actually forgot!!?

Ye Cang saw that she was about to enter her 'can't even be stopped by meds' mode, and quickly stroked his chin and said, "I'm just joking with you. We've prepared long ago."

ThornyRose left skeptically.

"Go, go go. Meal time, I'm so hungry." Ye Cang said while logging off.

When Ye Cang saw that Wu Na and FrozenCloud hadn't started to cook, he suggested they go to the night market to eat. The group arrived at the night market. When the night market's Old Wang saw Ye Cang from afar, he started frying up dishes. With Ye Cang's group's popularity these days, every few steps they took, there would be a few students screaming and asking for signatures. However, their fans remained very rational, because the crazy ones had all suffered same end.

When the food was finished, Ye Cang saw that Fang Tong was already recovered. He pet her head and looked at Fang Ci. "Her school, have you arranged it?"

Fang Ci smile bitterly. He hadn't had time lately. Between the Commandments and the game, when would he have time for that? He shook his head.

"That's fine. My relationship with the teacher is pretty good. Leave it to me." Ye Cang said confidently. Wu Na facepalmed. He was probably going to threaten the home-room teacher again.

"Teacher, the performance has been set for next week. The dress rehearsal has been planned for the saturday. Nana, Lil' Dino, you two should prepare too." Zuo Yiyi had been busy arranging this performance. With Ye Cang's referral, she became acquainted with Flasher Uncle and Panty Uncle. In these few days, she had 'learned a lot'.

Ye Cang looked at the time. It was still 8 days away. He nodded and ate some of his favorite mapo tofu. Suddenly, he had a flash of divine insight. Looking at everyone, he said, "I thought of a recipe! Tofu! Lime Slime Gel and Wolf Dung Tofu. I'll also experiment with other ingredients. I should be able to make my personal tofu recipe. Aren't you all excited~~?"

Seeing the excited and rearing to go Ye Cang, their scalps felt numb and they shivered. They pretended not to hear anything and continued on with their conversations. Unlike the others, Little Fang Tong looked somewhat expectantly at Ye Cang, "Big Brother Lil' White, when can I eat your cook..."

Before Little Fang Tong could finish the 'ing' at the end, she had her mouth covered by Fang Ci.

"No problem, no problem. Next time we go out to sea, we'll bring you along. I'll make my secret roast fish recipe for you..." Ye Cang slapped Fang Ci's hand away unhappily, then pet Little Fang Tong's head, showing her a grateful smile.

Even though the atmosphere had become solemn, Little Fang Tong still nodded her head vigorously. She smiled like an angel and said, "Yeah!"

Little Ye Tian looked at Little Fang Tong and sighed. The girls intelligence was traumatic. She reached out her chopsticks for a piece of brine chicken leg. Suddenly she felt a burst of pain on her head. A familiar and annoying voice spoke beside her, "Little Tian, this is mine. As the little sister, you should give the bigger one to your big brother. Hah, because you didn't study seriously, you don't even know the story of Kong Rang and the pear<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>..."

Little Ye Tian trembled all over. *Damn Lele!* She saw Ye Cang give her a inquiring glance, "What is it, Little Tian...?"

"Nothing. Lele was telling me about Kong Rang and the Pear." Little Ye Tian said calmly.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Story of Kong Rang picking the smaller pear and leaving the bigger one for his big brother.
