---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 502"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 502: Elven War

Lin Le's boasting manner made Little Ye Tian so angry that her teeth itched. She felt like she had been affected by a mental wave, but her mental defence was very strong. So hateful! 

The next day, Ye Cang brought Zhang ZhengXiong to find their teacher. After some persuasion, they succeeded in having him handle Little Tong's entry procedures.

When the battle started, Ye Cang and the others entered the battlefield system, but they weren't sent to the battle against the Steel Kingdom. Instead, they were sent to a contested land on the edge of the enchanted forest to fight against the elves. NalanPureSoul was also sent to this battle. CloudDragon, LordAsked and ThornyRose were all sent to fight the Steel Empire.  

"Yo, Brother PureSoul. What a coincidence..." Ye Cang saw the nearby NalanPureSoul and waved.

"Brother PaleSnow, this battle will be mainly against MistyVeil and Falling Star..." When NalanPureSoul mentioned Falling Star, he glanced at SpyingBlade.

"Don't look at me..." SpyingBlade shrugged.

"So it's Aunt Perky and little-sister-in-law." Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded. "We can do whatever to Aunt Perky but we should be gentle with sister-in-law."

SpyingBlade was dumbfounded by the words 'little-sister-in-law'. Even though he called Ye Cang Team Leader, he was actually older than Ye Cang!

(Note: Little Brother's Wife... is there a word for that?)

Everyone looked at Ye Cang with strange expressions. Why did it seem like those words of his sounded a bit strange?

Ye Cang gathered all the wielders of the Giant Owl No. 2, 12 people in total, then organized a firing squad. NalanPureSoul assigned armies to Zhang ZhengXiong and the others, then they set off into the forest.

Entering the forest, Ye Cang's speed, attributes and all aspects increased, allowing him to scout ahead carefully. The rest of the rangers could only watch Ye Cang's speed. With each step, he travelled over ten meters between treetops, getting a bird's-eye-view. 

Ye Cang summoned Little Blue Feather and let it investigate ahead. With Eagle Eyes, he saw who he suspected to be MistyVeil in the distance. She was bringing an archery squad up a hill, appearing to be setting up an ambush. In order to not get exposed, he quickly left and ordered Little Blue Feather to fly low over another area. Gongsun Qian was currently leading the forward forces. Cancelling Eagle Eyes, he had Little Blue Feather give warnings from above. He conveyed the approximate situation to NalanPureSoul.

The eagle eyes skill was really too fitting in this sort of battlefield. Knowing the enemy's intentions and you have a chance at victory. It was the same reasoning behind the saying 'know yourself, know your enemies, then even 100 battles aren't dangerous'. That's to say nothing of the fact that the forward team led by Zhang ZhengXiong, under the effects of his auras, had their fighting strength increased many times over.

"Brother PaleSnow, SpyingBlade, Lele, you all bring people to catch MistyVeil off guard. Leave the direct battle to me. As for the rest of the ambush points, sister, bring some people to take hold of them. Your priority is to kill the bow weilding classes. LooseCloud! LooseCloud! Loose Cloud!" NalanPureSoul began to deploy the troops, when he turned to see the dazed LooseCloud. He called out to him a few times but got no response. 

NalanMoon backhand slapped him on the head. "The president is calling you."

LooseCloud cheered himself up but his forehead was still showing traces of suffering. He looked at Ye Cang with a resentful expression. Anyone who saw that scene wouldn't blame him for hating Brother Hero.

Ye Cang sensed that burning gaze and exposed a good-willed smile. He gave off a 'I have done a good deed, no need to thank me' feel.

"You're in charge of the south-east hill to snipe them, if they try to circle around. The moment anything happens, notify me immediately." NalanPureSoul sighed.

Little Ye Tian, with the help of Little Blue Feather's sight, had long since completed her map of this area. She stood up, "I believe MistyVeil will be on guard. Father, you can use the low terrain on the west side to circle around and launch a surprise attack. They won't be able to notice that place right away. President PureSoul, you can send some swordsmen and archers to set an ambush there as a trap. When another squad finds themselves in an unfavorable position, you can draw the enemy in there to counter-attack. The terrain there is like a gourd, easy to enter, hard to leave."

NalanPureSoul gladly accepted Little Ye Tian's proposals. She was someone who had defeated MistyVeil in strategy, a counter type strategist good at defending, counter-attacking and counter ambushing. She had an incredible grasp of the battlefield situation. NalanPureSoul directly appointed Little Ye Tian as the temporary head advisor and also having her help with deployment.

"The key to a surprise attack is speed. Things can change if we're late. Let's go." Ye Cang brought the firing squad, SpyingBlade, Lele as well as nearly a thousand fighters, mages and warlocks to form the surprise attack squad. Then began their unrelenting trek west. 

Meanwhile, NalanPureSoul also brought his people towards the frontlines. Zhang ZhengXiong commandeered the army. He had his arms crossed while sitting on the back of a huge white toad, advancing one hop at a time. Even though it looked strange but those ground-shaking booms when it landed still made one's heart palpitate. Many people had been to the Dark Cave and been crushed by that toad to the point of near death many times.

NalanPureSoul pet his flaming bird - Little Cock and sighed. If by any chance this pet's name got out... he could only smile bitterly...

A scouting party had just ascended a hill when they heard some activity. They looked up to see a toad falling down, instantly smashing down on many people, followed by a water cannon bombardment. What shocked NalanPureSoul though was that the toad actually knew some fighting techniques. Its enormous hand struck out with very standard palm-strikes. On top of it, Zhang ZhengXiong hadn't even moved, around 20 scouts had been killed. Behind him, people started to cheer. What they didn't know was the suffering this little Toad had to endure. It had become a test subject for their forceful education. Every few days, it would be tied to an iron rod, slathered with slime gel and roasted by Ye Cang as punishment. It had been messed with to the point of its grey color becoming white. The worst was the food. Every time it thought of it, the poor little toad would tremble all over.

A white glimmer appeared on the little toad's palms. It casted a Recover and Healing Light on itself, leaving it completely unharmed.

Many priests broke out into cold sweat. The priests that couldn't even cast healing light were looked upon by their teammates with contempt. "Even Brother Diamond's toad knows Healing Light, yet you actually don't? Hah..."

"..."

Losing contact with the scouting party, Gongsun Qing knew that the battle was likely about to start. She gave orders to prepare, then turned to look at a concealed location to the west. The moment they clashed here, MistyVeil would give ranged support and cover from there, then the battle would be more or less set. All that remained would be some guerilla warfare. However, she felt a bad premonition in her heart. Really New Village's Three Brother had returned to Black Rock City, so them joining the war was inevitable but they weren't sure if it would be on the Steel Empire's side or here.

Hearing an eagle cry, MistyVeil looked up to see a blue eagle circling above their heads. A very familiar eagle. She recalled in a previous battle, the one where Ye Cang participated against Flame Emperor and defeated the steel empire, the blue eagle had appeared then. *It's his pet!! He is in this battlefield! Not good! A surprise attack! It must be that little girl’s plan!*
