---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 503"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 503: Caught Unprepared

MistyVeil was just about to give an order when the meadow's rocks began to dry strangely. Her heart sank as she decisively disappeared from the spot. A storm of light and fire just singed her hair. She saw Ye Cang crouching on a nearby tree trunk, smiling and waving at her.

"Kill the bad guys!!" Lin Le's angry voice rang out and she saw countless people being chopped in half. The tigerkin, Little Ren, went on a killing spree in the flames.

Ye Cang raised his guns at her and unleashed a flurry of shots. MistyVeil continuously evaded, stubbornly avoiding the bullets. This made Ye Cang pout. *Not bad. I already saw her martial prowess from last time's club fight. She's extremely nimble.*

MistyVeil saw that the surroundings had become a chaotic battle, completely without rhythm. She had to deal with that White Hair! A familiar chill chill made her suddenly turn and strike out with her spear.

"Clang!"

SpyingBlade's sword struck away the spear, then performed a combo which left behind afterimages. MistyVeil pulled her spear back and flipped back, flying back like a swallow. SpyingBlade activated a charge skill, pursuing her. Ye Cang looked around at the scattered Freedom alliance fighters, fighting all over the place.

"Team Leader, what do we do? If we shoot now, we might accidentally injure an ally." A blonde rich kid asked.

"It's fine. Everyone get ready! First, prepare a Converging Shot! Mages, prepare area attacks!" Ye Cang led the firing squad and raised his left hand's gun. "Fire!!"

"Next is Explosive Bullet!!"

"Everyone enter rapid fire mode!" Ye Cang commanded. Bullets and magic pelted the battlefield like rain, instantly killing a large amount of friendly and enemy forces.

"Make their sacrifices meaningful! Everyone continue attacking! Increase your firepower!!" Ye Cang led the firing squad to madly press their triggers with a calm smile. Soon after, he added in an imperceptible voice, "They're Freedom Alliance people anyways."

The firing squad were already drenched in cold sweat.

On the frontlines, the fight could begin at any moment. Gongsun Qian saw the flames burst from the high grounds. *Not good! It's them!* She suddenly turned and saw a white toad fly over. Her brows rose. *Brother Big Diamond - HeavenShakingMight... The toad must be his pet. YiFan must have gone with Brother Hero to snipe MistyVeil.* She reached behind her and drew the two-handed sword on her back. "Front row get ready! Archers, in position! Fire!!"

At the very front Zhang ZhengXiong was still seated on his toad. Against the oncoming arrows, the little toad pushed out with its palm. A dozen meter large wall of water appeared. It made a fist with its webbed hand and the wall froze into a shield of ice. Many of the arrows coming at Zhang ZhengXiong were blocked. The little frog issued a shout, "Ribbet-ribbet," and suddenly slapped towards the shield of ice. The ice immediately shattered, becoming countless ice arrows which shot out.

Zhang ZhengXiong slowly got up. Taking his heavy axe, he lowered his stance and took a deep breath. Like a dragon, he roared, "Chaaaarge!!!"

Countless fighters, knights, etc withstood the rain of arrows and under Zhang ZhengXiong's encouragement, madly charged forwards.

The little toad also crouched, then suddenly jumped into the air. Everyone looked up to see the toad becoming smaller and smaller while going towards the sun. 

NalanPureSoul's hands shined with fire. *Brother PaleSnow has provided some fire, how can I not assist?* He directly sacrificed his fire demon. His two eyes burned with flames and the sky started to rain fire. Reaching out his hand, he made a grabbing motion and all the fire immediately exploded!

A crack on the earth was directly created by NalanPureSoul's blast. Gongsun Qian saw NalanPureSoul, China's number one spellcaster player... Just how powerful he was under that delicate effeminate beauty, she knew very well. "Third squadron, assist MistyVeil! The rest of you charge! We can't allow them to pass!!"

A loud sound came from the frontlines. Zhang ZhengXiong's toad landed, causing the death of tens of people, even though half of them were from his own side. The battlefield was covered in a cloud of dust. Everyone stopped and watched as the dust slowly settled, revealing the giant toad and the demon god on its back.

Zhang ZhengXiong urged his little toad. Among the crowds of people, it leapt its way towards Gongsun Qian. A proud young man rode a land bird and charged head on with his lance. This person was the rookie - PrinceSong. He was very popular in the elven territories and a rare owner of a pet. His strength and equipment were both pretty good. Under the expectant gazes of the Hundred Flowers and Misty Rain girls, Zhang ZhengXiong sneered and met the lance head on, without dodging. He grabbed it directly with his hand and laughed evilly, "Interesting! But not good enough!!"

The little frog took advantage of this time to attack the land bird with its palm. There was a bird screech followed by puff of feathers. Zhang ZhengXiong lifted PrinceSong up by his lance. Unwilling to acknowledge this, PrinceSong continued to try to brandish and thrust his lance. Zhang ZhengXiong struck with a knee and then threw him into the air. A heavy axe cleaved PrinceSong's head, covering Zhang ZhengXiong in blood. He roared, "Fudge your mother! Who else wants to fight me!? Who else!! Roar!!"

Both sides were shaken by Zhang ZhengXiong's overwhelming and terrifying shout. Even Gongsun Qian and NalanPureSoul felt their hearts tremble.

NalanPureSoul smiled bitterly. This Zhang ZhengXiong was an existence that could scare a boss with his roar without even using a skill. He was just like a ferocious demon god, unlike Brother PaleSnow. Brother PaleSnow gave off a cold aura with his smile that hid his extremely vile character. As for Lele, he was a bit like Brother PaleSnow and also a little like Shaking Bear; he was fierce enough to be hard to resist, hot-headed in a way that one couldn't make sense of. Who knows whether he was scheming or simply impulsive.

Gongsun Qian watched as Zhang ZhengXiong jumped off the toad. He leisurely brought FrozenCloud and the elite attacking squad to the depths of their formation. The surrounding players, faced with Zhang ZhengXiong's demon god aura, all subconsciously choose to fight the others and avoided meeting him head on. It seems like this battle... no, she had to raise morale! But... how!?

Back with Ye Cang, MistyVeil narrowly escaped the fate of dying to SpyingBlade a few times. She laughed bitterly, recalling how she had been his stepping stone to debut. Zhao YiFang... This man that had made her completely fall head over heels. Extremely ordinary in appearance and aura, but with a heavenly king's viciousness! Thinking back to that time and how terrifying SpyingBlade was when he put on his mask, it was like he was a completely different person!

MistyVeil’s spear forced back SpyingBlade. She glanced and saw Lin Le being held back by Yan'er’s group. Besieged by five people, Lin Le was only at a tiny disadvantage. It couldn't even be considered a disadvantage, because the five of them knew that a single hit will bring them death. Their nerves were stretched taut, not allowing them to relax at all.

Ye Cang blew on the muzzles of his guns. He saw that the casualties were about the same on both sides. Generally speaking, the deaths on the enemy's side compared to the sneak attacking side were twice as much, but it was now about time. Ye Cang looked at the blond rich kid beside him, "What guild are you from?"

"Brother Hero, I'm a rookie in the freedom alliance - BlondOne." The blond haired gunman replied, since this was someone that even their president feared.

"Very good. You're very promising, I think very highly of you! Later, when you see Brother PureSoul, remember to tell him that our people weren't killed by us but dragged down by those sinister enemies. We could only go through with it for the greater good..." Ye Cang patted BlondOne's shoulder and smiled. Facing Ye Cang's cold smile, BlondOne couldn't help but gulp and nod.

"Tsk tsk, being able to shoot without a worry feels pretty good..." Ye Cang gave voice to his inner thoughts while he watched the battle between between SpyingBlade and MistyVeil.

Beside him, everyone began to sweat. *Such an evil man.*
