---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 505"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 505: Dark Blade Form

"Teacher, then what can be done?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked.

Conrad's wizened body strangely picked up the heavy forge hammer. It was as if it weighed nothing at all in his hands. He suddenly struck down heavily, smashing Ye Cang's shadow pike to pieces. He then reached out and took out a black crystal from within. "So, it's Shadow Soul Essence. One can never have enough of this treasure. You two have quite a bit of good stuff."

"The body of this staff is made from an untouched deep-sea crystal tree. Using it directly as a staff is a waste. This staff is simply a bunch of unprocessed treasured stacked together." Conrad picked up the staff and sighed. Ye Cang watched as he spent quite a bit of effort to remove the primal chaos steel, cloud stone and lightning jade, then began to work on them.

Ye Cang took out a bit of each of the uncommon ores they had mined from various locations. Conrad looked at them with a strange expression. Even if one had the right to mine, but the number of different kinds of rare ore was astonishing. Blood Amber for example, was the best medium for joining things together, extremely precious, yet the one in front of him was the size of a pumpkin. He didn't even know where to start. Cut a piece off? That would be a crime! How could one just destroy a heavenly treasure. He chose a smaller piece of blood amber. "Blood amber is one of the best things for joining staffs with their magic materials. With it as the link, the link between the materials will take half the work for twice the effect."

Zhang ZhengXiong learned carefully. Conrad once more looked through Ye Cang's pile of ore and picked out a black colored magic silver, "Magic Silver, combined with blood amber to form the setting and prongs. This piece of primal chaos steel, deep-sea crystal tree, and shadow soul essence will temporarily go unprocessed. There are no suitable materials. Carelessly forcing it would be a waste."

Conrad melted the blood amber and magic silver, then once again connected the primal chaos steel, cloudstone, lightning jade, as well as the shadow soul essence. He passed the staff to Ye Cang, then reached out and took a blue stone, "As remuneration, I'll be taking this sky blue agate."

"What is sky blue agate used for?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked.

"The door to god, meditation. It is used to make priest tools. The best of the best material. I just happened to need a piece." Conrad replied.

"Thanks, Bishop Conrad." Ye Cang expressed his thanks. Conrad waved his hand and left.

"Bro, let me see what your staff's stats are like." Zhang ZhengXiong said curiously.

Ye Cang posted the staff's stats.

Alabachia's Light (Unique - Shaman - ??? - Quest Item)

Category: Staff

Requirements: Alabachia Tribe Fishman or Shaman

Damage: 49 - 61

+60 All Attributes

+10% All Attributes

+15% Intelligence

+15% Dexterity

+20% Mana

+98 Water Spell Effect

+94 Lightning Spell Effect

+100 Shadow Spell Effect

Reduced water, lightning, and shadow damage received by 50%.

Water, lightning, and shadow element spell effects increased by 25%.

Shadow Edge: In Dark Blade mode, attack range increased by +3 meters.

Water Spear / Lightning Lance / Shadow Blade.

Water Spear: 
Switch to water spear form. Every close range attack will deal an additional 28% water damage.

Lightning Lance: 
Switch to lightning lance form. Every close range attack will deal an additional 25% lightning damage.

Dark Blade: 
Switch to dark blade mode. Every close range attack will deal an additional 30% dark damage.

Water Spear - Geyser: 
Summon a violent gush of water in the target area, dealing 130 water damage with a chance to cause knock-up and knockback. 
Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Lightning Lance - Electric Flash: 
Instantly shoot out a lightning lance which pierces into its target and explodes, dealing 130 damage with a chance to cause paralysis. 
Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Dark Blade - Shadow Assault: 
Become 5 shadows which charge towards the target. Your main body can swap between the shadows. Deals 185% dark damage with a chance to weaken armour. 
Cooldown: 15 minutes.

Ye Cang switched his weapon to Dark Blade and the top of the staff became a 120cm long black colour crescent blade. He swung it a few times like a glaive, then nodded satisfied. "Not bad, very useful."

Zhang ZhengXiong saw that the staffs damage was a whopping 61. His own weapon was only at 42. He knew that a single point in weapon damage was not simply a point in overall damage. He decided to make himself a new weapon. While he was at it, he decided to make one for Lin Le too; it was about time.

Ye Cang left the holy church's smithy. He saw Gina standing shyly in a corner so walked over and pet her head familiarly. "Yo, long time no see, Gina..."

"Mm, Earl PaleSnow, long time no see." Gina said bashfully with a red face. Her voice became quieter and quieter.

The mood was a bit strange. Gina was so embarrassed that she didn't know what to do. Her delicate hands grabbed tightly onto her skirt and she lifted her head to see Ye Cang smiling calmly under his wolf head hood. Her heart beat accelerated once more, and she lowered her head shyly.

"White Hair, what brought you to the church?" Mar Junior's untimely voice arrived. 

Ye Cang turned and shrugged, "Just some business. Luckily, Bishop Conrad was around, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to complete it."

Mar Junio nodded. Conrad was a legendary figure in the holy church. His smithing level was also one of the most outstanding in the church, with a vast pool of knowledge. For HeavenShakingMight to learn from him meant that he had boundless prospects.

"I... I'll head home first." Gina left frantically. Mar Junior watched Gina's back, amused. A young lady and her first love...

Ye Cang also turned back to look at Gina. He pouted, "I always feel like she's a bit silly."

Mar Junior immediately broke out in cold sweat. *Hey, do you seriously not know or are you faking it? Those are the feelings of a young girl who likes you.* But he didn't point it out. The two of them chatted for a while before saying goodbye. Ye Cang left the holy church and went by himself to Goddess Peak. He went to ride the public transit from Black Rock City to Bal Village and saw the announcement at the platform. Now, a bus to the underground pier had been set up. The bus soon arrived. Even though it was only for 50 people, Ye Cang saw that the inside was packed tight. In every window, there were people half hanging out due to there not being enough room for them. Listening to the foul chatter in the bus, he estimated that there was at least over 100 people inside. He decisively chose to walk.

Goddess Peak, three goddesses shrine.

Ye Cang summoned the three goddesses and discussed the performance set for two days later. He would conveniently use that as the grand opening of the goddess palace.

Soon, Ye Cang passed them the clothes and things, he had them wear them for a dress rehearsal. He continued to guide them on how to better attract perverts, and the three goddesses earnestly learned the poses and knowledge that Ye Cang had gathered from fashion and porn magazines. They were delighted to receive Ye Cang's wanton ravaging.
