---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 506"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 506: Other Shore Watching AV

After the three goddesses were disgraced in all kinds of ways, Ye Cang was satisfied. A red faced Mallows sighed in relief. At first, she had questioned whether this person was disrespecting gods, but his sincere attitude and the fact that her number of believers had already surpassed their heydays made her extremely grateful for Ye Cang and his so called strategies. Their mother's (goddess of life) disdain and their uncle's (god of light) arrogance this past millennium had left her feeling very sullen.

Anya was still sighing over the fact that her domain had been seized. How great would it be if she could enjoy having Goddess Peak on her own. Such a grand palace was many times better than her past one. Even her uncle's palace of light was only a bit better at best. Of course, the treasures enshrined inside weren't things she could compare with.

As for Jam, she was also very grateful towards Ye Cang. She didn't want to be lonely anymore. If ThornyRose knew what these three goddesses were thinking, she would definitely sigh over how similar this was to an expired star returning to the limelights.

"After the ceremony in two days, us sisters will heavily reward you. Thank you for helping us." Mallows stood out and said with a smile.

Ye Cang waved his hand and walked out of the shrine. He spoke with his back to the goddesses, "Just your thoughts are enough. When the time comes, remember today's feelings. Don't mess up on me! Got it!?"

The three goddesses watched Ye Cang departing back. Thinking of their training experiences up until now, they felt a bit afraid.

Anya's eyes narrowed. *Sir PaleSnow's usefulness is extremely important, I must rope him in to help me build a perfect holy land and connect with believers. He can help me build the foundations to become a top god. It's been so long since I've absorbed such a substantial amount of belief, I nearly forgot how it feels.*

Mallows and Jam, these two goddesses, also began to scheme.

Holy Church.

Conrad, who was making a holy tool, recalled the pure looking sword behind Ye Cang's waist. "Assenroche. Garros' only regret is actually with him. I hope he can figure out the 'secret' that even Garros was unable to. HeavenShakingMight! Come assist me! Today, I'll teach you how to make priest tools! These are very important for our prayers! What do you mean you've never seen me in prayer! Training my body is my way of praying to the great god of light! What's with that look! How do you know that I've been having an affair with Bishop Ellie! Cough cough. HeavenShakingMight, in fact, priest tools are divided into many types..."

Back near prosperous Goddess Peak, Ye Cang arrived at the Dark Cave and heard parties shouting for members. He sighed feeling that, as a high-end professional player, it was lonely at the top. Having come to play around in the Dark Cave, he decided to treat it as a chance to see how these ordinary parties fought. He took off his signature wolf-head hood, heavy shoulder guards, guns, and other weapons, and replaced them with a dark gold staff and a gold spellcaster robe (with hood). Putting on the hood, he sighed, "No matter how I hide it, my high-end aura still can't be hidden..."

"The hooded mage over there! The one with the staff and the sort of dog-like armor, do you know fire spells?" A 30 year old, bearded, green-robed spellcaster saw Ye Cang sighing and asked.

Ye Cang's hands trembled as he endured the urge to blast him to death with a Flame Burst. He tried to act cool by caressing his hood. Thinking that a spell that was too strong would definitely give him away, he sighed and said sadly, "Yes, fireball."

"Even though you're trying to imitate Brother Hero by acting cool with a hood, but who do you think you are!? That's Brother Hero you know. One of his farts could send you flying. Him acting cool with his hood is awesome, as for you... Eh, you just look a bit silly. Forget it. Fireball. Tsk tsk, we'll put up with you. Let's go. Follow me to the meeting area. Oh right, I haven't introduced myself. I'm OtherShoreWatchingAV, a plant user. You can just call me Brother V." OtherShoreWatchingAV patted Ye Cang on the shoulder, then turned and started to walk towards Ye Cang's vendor shop at the dark caves. Ye Cang clenched his fists, veins throbbed on his forehead. He restrained the urge to draw his staff from his shadow and cut him in half in one strike.

"Do you know what the most popular class right now is? It's right here in Black Peaks." OtherShoreWatchingAV smiled.

"Ranger?" Ye Cang took a deep breath and then asked.

"That dumbass class? Brother hero can be awesome as a ranger, but everyone else is a dumbass. Look at all the recruiters, how many of them are looking for a ranger? Guess again." OtherShoreWatchingAV pursed his lips.

Even though Ye Cang didn't like his tone but since he was being praised, he at least didn't explode. "I don't know..."

"Just considering the Dark Cave, then fire mages and warlocks are the most popular. Especially the more powerful ones, they can even earn money by joining runs. Next are Plant Users. Plant Users are a new class that only came about when Brother Hero and they saved the three goddesses, however, the class is currently in short supply. Changing classes is hard, but the class tutors teach much better than the ones at the Holy Church. You get five skills right off the bat! Moreover, three of those skills are very useful! I was originally a summoner, but... You know how hard it is to get a summon skill book right? No one cared about me, so I tried to change classes, transfering to be one of goddess Jam's subordinates and becoming a Plant User. I even managed to get an epic... Cough cough, nothing... Anyways, the team, I am in, can already beat Old One." OtherShoreWatchingAV chattered on and on. Ye Cang simply nodded and forced himself to laugh.

Even though Ye Cang was somewhat dumbfounded, he still had a sort of good impression of OtherShoreWatchingAV. He was very enthusiastic and carefree without seeming fake. In fact, he was a bit like A'Xiong. Only a short time had passed yet he was already so friendly.

The entrance to the Dark Cave was very crowded. OtherShoreWatchingAV brought Ye Cang to a group in the crowd and introduced everyone. The team leader was called AsTheWindBlows. The team had 15 people altogether. Their formation was considered pretty good, giving them a good chance at killing Old One.

Towards the person OtherShoreWatchingAV had brought, AsTheWindBlows didn't say anything. He brought the team into the instance and they quickly fought their way to Old One. Ye Cang did his best to only use fireball and other low level spells but there was no way to hide his high damage. AsTheWindBlows raised his brows surprised. It seemed that that chatterbox had managed to bring back a powerful fire mage. Old One was practically in the bag.

It had already been over two months since Ye Cang was last in the Dark Cave. When faced with the grey toad Googoo, he sighed and began to perform his duty as a spellcaster while observing the others. Among them, the ones who contributed the most were probably himself and AV. This party mainly depended on AV's Flower Fragrance skill and Healing Pollen. What surprised Ye Cang was AV's major skill, a sustained group healing skill called Plant Growth. Healing wasn't the main point though. Most important was that it could raise all attributes and speed for a short time! Ye Cang thought to himself, *no wonder such a common and unremarkable party could have the power to defeat Old One.* Even though there were quite a few parties that had defeated the first boss, from what Ye Cang could tell, they didn't even consider any third-rate players. Also, most of the members were the Party Leader's friends.
