---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 507"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 507: Black Equipment

Googoo began to spit out poison. OtherShoreWatchingAV once again used a group cure spell. Ye Cang raised his brows at this. Even though it couldn't be compared to his Flowers in the Wind but it was a specialized cure spell. Another fireball formed in his hand. Even though it was a fireball, it might as well have been a flame burst. It blasted Googoo, leaving him crying in pain. AsTheWindBlows figured that Old One was about done, he had everyone besiege it. 

Ye Cang looked at the water mage beside him. Even though his own party's Nana and OldWangFromNextDoor hadn't been very useful, but they had NalanPureSoul. This party actually dared to bring a water mage along? He somewhat speechlessly said, "Stop using Water Gun. If you mess up, you might put out my burn effect."

"Leave me alone. Now is the time to go all out." The water mage grinned. *You want to use your high damage to claim my equipment? Don't even think about it!*

Ye Cang frowned. His hands once again shone with fire but this time the target wasn't the boss. Beside him, OtherShoreWatchingAV noticed his actions and held Ye Cang back. "Brother, endure. We're all on the same team. That brat is just a dumbass. There's no need to lower yourself to his level."

Ye Cang reached out and another fireball blasted Googoo, deciding to resolve things after the battle. He turned and looked strangely at the big guy, who was just a bit smaller than A'Xiong, dancing among the flowers like a flower fairy and acting 'cute'.

"It's going to jump! Everyone get ready!" AsTheWindBlows warned.

Everyone scattered to find obstacles to hide under but a few of them were still crushed to death. Following that, they entered the end of the fight. Half the party had died by this point. Ye Cang waved his staff and five consecutive fireballs finished off the boss. Just as he wanted to rush to the corpse, the excited AsTheWindBlows had already looted it. Ye Cang gnashed his teeth. *This damn party.*

"A dark gold!!" AsTheWindBlows was delighted. An idea formed in his mind.

Ye Cang crossed his arms and clicked his tongue. *It's just a dark gold. If I had looted, it would definitely be a godly artifact.* However their luck wasn't bad. After this instance's drop rates got cut, the first boss only had a very low chance of dropping dark gold equipment. The final boss, however, always dropped dark gold. Of course, that was what NalanPureSoul had told him.*

Waiting until everyone was present, they began to distribute the equipment. First was a distinguished quality longsword. It was directly given to an assassin. Next were gold quality heavy shoulder guards. AsTheWingBlows took them for himself. Ye Cang saw that the other heavy armor classes remained silent, so he didn't say anything. At last, it was the star of the show, the dark gold magic cape. Intelligence, wisdom, spell power and even mana recovery. It would be useful to any spellcaster.

"The new spellcaster over there, since you haven't been in the team for long, you won't be considered for this item." AsTheWindBlows' words made Ye Cang frown. 

He didn't really care about this equipment, even if it was a dark gold one, but what he did care about was the meaning behind these actions. He sneered, "But my damage was the highest. All of your ranged attackers added together are barely a match for me."

"Our party's distribution policy isn't based on that, but for the team's stability. Sorry." AsTheWindBlows said regretfully, then directly handed it to the water mage. 

OtherShoreWatchingAV also stood up and said earnestly, "Team Leader Wind, this brother here contributed the most. What you're doing isn't right, let alone the fact that I need it too."

"AV, newcomer, just bear with it. We'll consider you next time." AsTheWindBlows patted their shoulders and apologized with a smile. The rest of the team all came to persuade them.

"This isn't about me! I'm the one who brought this brother here. He's also the one who dealt the most damage! Wind, how can you give it to the most useless Windward? What are you trying to do? Don't even think about skimping it over!" OtherShoreWatchingAV said furiously.

"Humph, AV you outsider, failing to appreciate our kindness. What do you mean you brought him? Acting as if you're all that, if we didn't think that you were a Plant User with some skill..." The water mage who got the cape, Windward, sneered. He even glanced disdainfully at Ye Cang.

A black crescent flashed by and then returned under everyone's gaze. Ye Cang, with a grin on his face, dragged his Dark Blade along and had instantly cut the mage in half. Unexpectedly, the cape actually dropped. His luck was pretty good. While everyone was still stunned, he reached out, took it, and said indifferently, "I don't like people taking my things and I don't like arrogant people. (If ThornyRose and the others were here, they would have roared that he was exactly that.)"

"Give the cape..." AsTheWindBlows drew his sword. A black crescent which had a watery ripple flashed by. The extra range from Shadow Edge, besides OtherShoreWatchingAV, the rest were killed by Ye Cang's Dark Blade and the wave generated by the third strike. OtherShoreWatchingAV was dumbstruck.

Ye Cang removed his hood, took out his usual wolf hood cloak and put it on. He equipped his two guns and his usual weapons, then looked at OtherShoreWatchingAV who had a look of worship in his eyes. He gazed off into the distance with a look of disappointment and said, "Young AV, leave this party. If I'm not wrong, they were going to sell the cape for money. They never intended to give it to anyone. Hah... people aren't like they use to be, it is a world of hypocrisy. "

OtherShoreWatchingAV had yet to snap out of his daze. He thought back to the previous scene. He was actually Brother Hero! He stared at the messy corpses on the ground that were just disappearing into white light, unsure of what expression to make. He had only joined this party because of Wind's enthusiastic invitation. He had always turned a blind eye to those little tricks up till now. To strengthen the party, he had gone looking everywhere for a fire mage, yet they only cared about themselves. All for a dark gold cape. They were truly too narrow-minded. He looked to Ye Cang and said awkwardly, "Brother Hero, I'm really sorry about that. You must find it funny..."

Ye Cang shook his head and smiled. He tossed the cape over the OtherShoreWatchingAV, then looking confident and at ease, he turned to leave. As a veteran drama watcher, he was familiar with the art of showing off. After a few dozen steps, he stole a glance and saw OtherShoreWatchingAV's regretful expression, then he turned as if not paying attention and said, "Right, are you interested in joining Happy Firmaments?"

"I... I... Can I realy!?" OtherShoreWatchingAV's disappointment became excitement. He even found it difficult to speak! Happy Firmaments! The guild that had taken 90% of the world announcements! Only the elite among elites could enter!

Ye Cang smiled proudly, not giving him a definite answer. Instead, without turning back, he said, "Let's go..."

"Boss! Wait for me!" OtherShoreWatchingAV quickly jogged to catch up.

As for AsTheWindBlows, Ye Cang paid no attention to him. On the contrary, when AsTheWindBlows found out that that person was Ye Cang, he became extremely nervous.
