---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 508"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 508: Not Quite

Ye Cang gathered the current Happy Firmament members at the Goddess Association. ThornyRose heard from FrozenCloud that there was a new member. She happened to be nearby, finishing up the Dark Cave, so she quickly ran over. She saw a big man, two sizes smaller than Zhang ZhengXiong. He walked over wearing a fresh green robe and holding a plant staff.

"Let me introduce everyone. This is our Happy Firmaments’ new recruit, OtherShoreWatchingAV. He is a flower boy and has passed Lele's anti bad guy radar." Ye Cang introduced. 

Lin Le's ahoge stood erect. He nodded, acting like a specialist, "He's already gone through Lele's inspection."

"Ummm... it's Plant User..." OtherShoreWatchingAV reminded quietly but was directly ignored. He looked at Mad Devil Le, as well as the overbearing Brother Big Diamond. "Hi everyone, just call me young V."

SpyingBlade had a strange expression as he wondered what the heck that radar was. They spoke as if it really was a thing. However, their team did in fact need another dedicated support. Plant User was a pretty good choice. They were popular right now, especially in parties. However, their defensive power was very ordinary.

"A good Plant User is currently very in demand." ThornyRose walked in and smiled.

"Young V, let me quickly introduce you. She is from Thorns and Roses." Ye Cang's words made SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud ashamed. He spoke as if he himself wasn't part of the Thorns and Roses club.

"You're also in Thorns and Roses!!" ThornyRose shouted, then took a deep breath.

OtherShore acted very respectfully towards a top player like ThornyRose. He nodded at her politely. Then, Ye Cang continued introducing the other party members. Finally, he pointed at Little Ye Tian, "If there is anything you don't understand, just ask Little Tian."

OtherShore nodded vigorously. She was the girl genius who crushed BrilliantZhuge in intelligence! Little Ye Tian had him share with her his skills, attributes and talents. Then, she chose some equipment from the cart for him. "Put them on. These should suit you. We'll talk about the party's distribution rules once there is something better in the future."

ThornyRose saw that Little Ye Tian was the manager of the party. *It would be nice if the girl were to help manage Thorns and Roses. The new product she made for my mom's place is simply a money making machine. Even the main branch is eyeing it.* "It's nearly time for the league. You all should prepare a bit more, for the Great Christmas War..."

Even though Ye Cang really wanted to annoy her, but he recalled his battle against Flame Emperor, where he clearly didn't have the strength fight back yet didn't want to lose. *A dream huh? Do I have one?* He faintly smiled. "As the ace, that is obvious..."

"Sister Rose, if I take out CloudDragon, then what we discussed, will you..." Zhang ZhengXiong ran over to ThornyRose's side and began to wink at her.

ThornyRose facepalmed and nodded, thinking, "Sister Lily, your sacrifice won't be in vain."

FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance looked at ThornyRose disdainfully. She had finally started to sell out her sisters. But they also found it interesting.

Elsewhere, under the mountain. DyedLily, not knowing why, felt a shiver. She suddenly looked up at Goddess Peak, then shrugged and proceeded to bring a team into the Dark Cave.

Everyone talked and laughed together. ThornyRose was angered by Little Ye Tian till the white of her eyes were showing. Wu Na pulled FrozenCloud, FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance away, then the girls threw themselves into talks about makeup. Lele, unwilling to be left out, squeezed his way into their group pretending to be a fashion specialist. A'Xiong, the new Young V and Wang appeared to be talking about some perverted things. Fang Ci and SpyingBlade were also dragged along with them.

Ye Cang looked at this happy moment and smiled from his heart. As he was about to take a step forwards, he was suddenly struck by a chill. He had a dark feeling that he shouldn't get too close with them. The laughter and smiles seemed to grow further away. His brows wrinkled. What was that feeling...

"Lowlife, what are you thinking about?" ThornyRose saw Ye Cang frowning and gently patted his shoulder.

"I'm thinking about the importance of life..." Ye Cang put on a serious expression and said.

ThornyRose unhappily rolled her eyes. It was simply impossible to communicate with him. They had unwittingly been aquantainced for half a year already, yet truth be told, she seemed to know nothing at all about him. She was completely unable to see through those pink eyes.

"Wang, brother Xiong, let me show you something good." OtherShoreWatchingAV shared something rare with them. Zhang ZhengXiong and OldWangFromNextDoor looked at its name: 'Transformers vs Ultraman - Real Edition!'. 

SpyingBlade and them went to watch it together. He nodded in approval; it was a true work of art. They then came out and were greeted by ThornyRose and the girls' contempt. He turned away and sighed, "Hah, young people these days... Hah..."

ThornyRose couldn't hold back her laughter. That guy, after having stayed with Ye Cang and them for a while, now seems more cheerful. As for why Gongsun Qian had chosen him instead of the FlameEmperor, everyone was puzzled over it.

"Goddess Peak's show, have you finished arranging it?" ThornyRose asked.

"It's a ritual! You can't call it something like a show..." Ye Cang 'piously' corrected.

"Alright, ritual it is. Is it ready?" ThornyRose said amazed.

"The dress rehers-whatever is pretty much done. It will be enough to just perfect it a bit tomorrow. Clothing wise, tell that tailor on your side to follow my plan exactly." Ye Cang thought of the clothes. He could make leather clothing, but for the tailoring materials, he could only rely on her side.

He then logged out of the game.

Ye Cang kept pondering. He sat on the chair out on the balcony and looked at the starry night sky. "It was probably some kind of omen of death. Am I going to die? No matter, at least while I'm alive, I have to give them a happy environment to live in."

Ye Cang slowly opened a can of beer. "Doctor, I didn't end up hating humans. My beloved people are humans. I only hate the ruthlessness of fate and frailty of life, which made them leave me one by one while I could only watch helplessly as they close their eyes."

He once again thought of that rainy day. That street. Fresh blood flowed from his embrace, dyeing the surroundings red. That face which was still smiling and making breakfast just that morning. The engagement ring, those boundless expectations and longings, it all instantly became an ice-cold body and shattered dreams. At that time, he really wanted to leave this world with her. His heart felt like it was being crushed by formless vice. He didn't know how he even managed to breath at that time. The difference between tears and rain seemed to blur. He had looked up to see A'Xiong's stunned face in the rain, then recalled that the day they met, it had also been raining like this.

Ye Cang withdrew from his thoughts. Returning to his room, he opened the drawer, saw the photo inside and smiled. Taking out the envelope inside the frame, he slowly opened it. Seeing the familiar writing and the person in the photo, his eyes brimmed with tears. He hugged the frame tightly to his chest and leaned against the wall with his head down, like a broken-hearted child.
