---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 509"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 509: Instakill

Even though Ye Cang was only an artificial human but he had felt true emotions. After knowing love, he learned to be strong, but it also came with weaknesses, one which he was unable to let go of. After sorting out his feelings, he put the things away, then logged into the virtual world. Strolling around in DiFeng city, he happened to arrive outside the Thorns and Roses club building. Thinking for a bit, he walked in. Standing outside the training area, he watched ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance train within. A good-willed smile appeared on his face. This sort of pressure wasn't enough, they needed his help. Changing to his SS rank Piercing Thorn, he walked in and instantly surprise attacked ElegantFragrance with a few flash like sword blows, insta-killing her. Triggering the short ranged blink, his blade appeared between FrozenBlood and ThornyRose. Blocking ThornyRose's sword, he reversed his grip and stabbed into FrozenBlood behind him, triggering triple thrust. While hitting her, he blinked behind her and stabbed into her back, and then again. Another strike stabbed through her towards ThornyRose. A triple thrust pierced at ThornyRose but was blocked by her shield. Thrust Storm! He flashed around the sky, unleashing thrust attacks, quickly reaping the lives of the entire five person party. A beautiful killing streak. He didn't even use his limit break ultimate - Flash of Life (Chance to instantly kill. On kill, refreshes cooldown).

This was the first time they had experienced a sneak attack as the enemy of Ye Cang's Piercing Thorn. The girls watched as Ye Cang stood perfectly straight and sheathed his incredibly thin sword with a flourish. So fast. He would be in front of them one moment, then behind them the next. When they turned to strike back, they would discover that he was now at their side. When using Thrust Storm, it became even more difficult to catch the blinking figure.

"Again!" ThornyRose brought the girls onto the field once more and launched an assault. Ye Cang simply kicked off with a leg, intending to break through to the right. ThornyRose, who was good at interception, blocked him with her shield, however, Ye Cang instantly turned his right-ward momentum into left, brushing right by her.

ThornyRose felt she was up against lightning. The moment she failed to follow it, it became uncatchable. She turned and saw that Ye Cang was already in the distant back line. She pursued again.

FrozenBlood met his charge, directly activating her ultimate. Flash Dance! Bright Flash! She became a streak of light and flew at him. Ye Cang easily raised his sword and blocked her. FrozenBlood then activated Dark Flash but the skill was broken by Ye Cang, the moment it started with a simple push. With a few swings of his sword, he cut ElegentFragrance's arrows out of the air. ElegantFragrance frowned. What kind of speed was that! Even her sniping could be cut down by him in a few swings. She watched as he kicked while feigning an attack. He attacked like striking with a dragon tail, kicking FrozenBlood away. Then he used a Blade Edge Blink to get to herself. She quickly pulled out her sword but before she could even attack, her heart had already been run through! Flash of Life!

DemonSpirit pouted at how hard it was to hit him with magic. While aiming, she suddenly saw a blade sticking out of her chest. He was behind her!? Such freakish speed and agility. ThornyRose had watched as Ye Cang continued to accelerate. Like lightning he had leaped to a wall then instantly turn around to arrive behind DemonSpirit. Flash of Life!

Without rest, Ye Cang continued to pursue the stealthed FrozenBlood. Closing his eyes, he accurately deflected her dagger. Flash of Life! Instakill! Dodging GreenDew's magic, he blinked once again. Flash of Life! Quadrakill! While he had the stacked speed buffs, he seemed to only take a single step to be face-to-face with ThornyRose. His left hand moved gently, as if caressing a face, deflecting the slamming shield. "Against an absolute difference in speed, you can't do anything. You have no chance of success..."

The thin sword instantly slashed ThornyRose's throat. Blink, stab, triple thrust behind her, blink stab. He appeared at her side, his sword took the initiative to meet with hers, then with the rebound force, he stabbed into her heart. Pulling it out, he leaned his body to avoid a counter-attack, then stabbed once again. Flash of Life! Failed! However, the high damage still killed her. Pentakill complete.

Even knowing the huge gap between S and SS rank, Ye Cang's shocking speed still made them feel discouraged. Piercing Thorn. FrozenBlood had tried it a few times, but she could never reach Ye Cang's adaptability. She was still lacking in the reaction time and coordination required when reaching extreme speeds. ThornyRose gnashed her teeth as she looked at Ye Cang's self-important face. That chin pointing 45 degrees upwards just drove her insane, but she still began to discuss strategies.

Like that, they fought for an entire night. They had adapted a bit to the speed but Ye Cang's Flash of Life, against their back line, was simply invincible. From beginning to end, the last to die was always ThornyRose. This made ThornyRose discover the club's fatal weakness. If the opponent was a super speed type athlete like Ye Cang's Piercing Thorn, her back line became useless. She quickly swapped out FrozenBlood with DyedLily. With DyedLily protecting the back line, the situation became a bit better, but they still couldn't stop Ye Cang from massacring the spellcasters and archers. In the end, it was only when DemonSpirit was swapped out for an A rank wind and ice sorcerer, that Ye Cang had some trouble. This gave ThornyRose hope. However, an A rank was, in the end, only an A rank. Restricting Ye Cang with only her wind and ice was simply impossible. But this gave ThornyRose direction. Piercing Thorn's greatest weakness was wind and ice type spellcasters! The cold wind could limit his maximum speed and tempo! From the honorary characters, she found an S rank Ice Queen.

With difficulty, Ye Cang managed to kill ElegantFragrance but ThornyRose and DyedLily forcefully blocked both his path to advance and retreat, trapping him in the bone-chilling wind area. He decisively feigned an attack, then leaped out of the arena. Looking 45 degrees out the skylight, he calmly said, "We'll meet again. I have some things to do at home. Tonight, was fun. Until next time..."

Saying that, he disappeared from under the angry gazes of the girls.

"Damn lowlife..." ThornyRose gnashed her teeth. He actually ran when he saw they had found a strategy! In the end, they lost for an entire night! 5 against 1 no less! Be that as it may, ThornyRose still felt a bit grateful. His actions tonight were clearly to wake them up. She turned to see FrozenBlood in thought with a reluctant expression. It had been a long time since she's looked like that. Before being swapped with DyedLily, her confrontations with that lowlife couldn't even be describe with the word defeat. It was more like casually crushed. Even her ultimate had been easily broken.

Frozenblood looked at the dagger in her hand. Was it because of her speed? No, it was her variations. His attacks were more concise, attacked straight at his target. Her ultimate may seem to arrive instantly, but for him, CloudDragon, ShakingBear and those types, it was just flashy. She could already feel it the first time she was defeated by his Storm Fencer. S rank and SS rank also had a defining difference, the limit break ultimate. "Rose, let's take a gamble. Arrange for our SS rank promotion exam."

"Alright..." ThornyRose faintly smiled. She looked at the place where Ye Cang had been and thought, "Can we break past our limit?"

The four women slowly turned around to continue training when ElegantFragrance discovered something. The match was still on, the battle had simply paused! ThornyRose suddenly felt a chill. She saw a thin sword poking out of her throat and heard a calm whisper beside her ear, "An opening..."

*F\*\*k! This damn lowlife!!*

Beside FrozenBlood, Little Jade trembled violently. *Team Leader is even more nasty than sister FrozenBlood.*

Ye Cang Blade Edge Blinked to DyedLily and struck towards GreenDew's Ice Queen, instantly killing her. He then ravaged the rest, completing another pentakill. He sheathed his sword and quickly left, his back to the furious cursing women. So shameless! 

Shamelessly, he waved his hand and said, "A truly pleasant night..."
