---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 510"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 510: Ritual

Goddess Peak's ritual was about to begin.

Ye Cang had Little Ye Tian arrange the ticket sales. Since the Goddess's descent was often accompanied by blessings, the only ones allowed on the mountain were those with tickets or Goddess Association members. Little Ye Tian looked at the ones reselling tickets in the distance. It seemed to be someone that ThornyRose had set up, so she didn't say anything. Together with her most hated Lin Le, they maintained order on the path.

Azshara had also received a request from Ye Cang and sent some people to help maintain order. Of course, it came with a little benefit. The stage, of course, was watched over by the three instructors and their subordinate tutors. Tens of enormous treants stood by the mountain cliffs, overlooking the trembling people. On the ritual stage, Maru Naya's grim and ruthless expression also made one shiver. As for Linda, she was together with Little Ye Tian, in charge of the ascending people.

The ritual time arrived. By now, it was already dusk. Ye Cang nodded towards Makarlo and a hundred flowers bloomed on the stage. Countless elegant trees wound their way upwards, and three enormous flower buds bloomed in red, yellow and green. Anya, Mallows and Jam appeared from within, in various alluring poses. Jam's nature carol began. The faintly transparent green laced clothing, adorned perfectly with plants, leaves and petals, matched well with her elegant and ethereal voice, which drew everyone in and left them extremely relaxed. After a verse, Anya's austere ode got everyone's blood pumping. The third verse was Mallows' dignified and awe-inspiring voice. 

After the song, were solo performances. The three goddesses all sang their own songs. The lyrics were originally litany's, that had been lost in the rivers of time. Seeing the scene full of fanatical believers, the were so moved that they wanted to cry. After a thousand years of silence, they could obtain belief once more. The three goddesses were extremely dedicated. They sang and danced very earnestly. Everyone felt like they were watching the goddesses dance with the stars, surrounded by nature. The extremely beautiful scene was imprinted into their minds; especially when Anya's big movements had undone a button on her chest, nearly releasing one of the missiles. However, in the end, it was still a tiny bit away! It felt like just a tiny bit more and it would have shot out. The believers all beat the floor in frustration. Why!? Why!? Every single time! They all began to send out brainwaves with everything they had. *Fall! Fall! Fall! Faaalll!! Goddess Anya! Please let them fall out!*

Mallows was not to be outdone. She sat down and slowly crossed her legs, exposing her slender and picturesque leg. The black stockings accented the shape, ending at her high heels. Paired with her dignified expression, it made people's heart palpitate and sent their minds daydreaming. She was bursting with queenliness.

"Violate me! Great Goddess Mallows!!"

"Tsk, you horny and filthy bastards. Our Goddess Jam is as pure as a piece of jade. That smile that seeps into your heart. That tender fragrance... as if embracing home. "

"That green tea b\*tch's believers also smell of tainted green tea. Disgusting!!"

(Note: Green tea bitch = a manipulative bitch who acts innocent.)

When Jam emerged and began to sing her song, that faintly transparent, form fitting clothing somehow still preserved the pureness of nature, making one's heart itch terribly. Anya's female believers all flipped her with internationally insulting hand gesture.

Ye Cang informed Anya that she showed a lot of potential for tapping into the female market. Her boldness and more gender neutral style was very well received! She decisively stood up and very coolly walked down the stage. Reaching out a hand, she raised a female believer's chin, and spoke with a voice full of magic and wildness, "Are you willing to always believe in me?"

"I'm willing!!" The young girl shrieked. The women behind her all shrieked too. This scene made Anya freeze momentarily. When she heard those ear-piercing screams, she felt like they were crazy, but what she heard made her very happy and impassioned. She couldn't stop! She wanted to be worshipped!! She recalled the teasing tactic that Ye Cang had mentioned. Could it be used on women too? With a cool and evil smile, her tongue licked the girl's cheek. "This is a reward for your devotion, my child..."

It wasn't only Anya's female fans who screamed. The nearby men were all sticking out their butts and praying for a lick. Instantly, Anya's faction began to recite prayers for her.

Mallows clenched her teeth. *As the eldest sister! Let me show you how it's done!* She put on a hot expression and loosened her clothes a bit. The prayers to Anya began to gradually shift to Mallows. Jam didn't show any reaction, but she was worried in her heart. She reached out and pulled on a giant leaf. Natural water began to baptise her starting from her hair. Her drenched clothes seemed even more transparent. With that darling of nature like pureness, it made everyone's heart itch even more fiercely. In the end, they chose their favorites.

LordAsked, CloudDragon and the other VIPs all broke out in cold sweat. How was this any different from a show!? It was only another level higher. They listened to the concert like cheers and screams behind them and thought, "Those guys sure can play. More importantly, how did they do it? How did they turn three goddesses into 'high-end' actresses..."

The ritual eventually came to an end. Mallows looked at the sea of people and felt reborn. Exchanging a nod with Anya and Jam, their divine power swept out. Their singing voices seemed to come from the distant sky as the entire goddess peak bloomed with countless flowers. The power of nature overflowed.

"Congratulations, you've obtained the nature sister's blessing. Permanent +1 all attributes and +1% will. While in the Black Peaks, damage received is reduced by 1% and defence is increased by +5."

The permanent +1 to all attributes and +1% will made everyone excited. And now they would gain even more bonuses while in the Black Peaks. This made many tanks overjoyed. This meant that their strength in the Dark Cave had increased a bit. More importantly, it wasn't from equipment but an extra bonus!

"Our brave warriors! We'll leave goddess peak’s prosperity to you all!" The three goddesses all shouted. They became three warm currents that flowed into the sky and then sprinkled down like stars.

"So beautiful..." said some girl.

"Yeah, I can feel Goddess Mallows' warmth..." said some perverted man with his back straight.

"Goddess Anya is the true god! Those other two are only using their relationship as sisters to take Goddess Peak from her!! Boycott the green tea b\*tch and black nylon slut! Boycott! Boycott!!" The girl licked by Anya began to start an uprising.

"Retarded kid, the true master of this palace is Goddess Jam!" said Jam's male believer A.

"Queen Mallows is still the best. Neither Anya and Jam have the aura of a master. Only Mallows has that charismatic dignity. "

Even though the ritual was over, the arguments around the mountain were getting very intense. People arguing while setting up vendor stalls or arguing while shopping could be found everywhere. Seeing the results of the ritual, Ye Cang was very pleased. Heading to the deepest part of the shrine, he inquired and learned that the goddesses had consumed a lot of godly power and had overdone it a bit. They were now essentially ill. Even though they had performed such a large scale blessing, it was still within an acceptable range. They only needed some time to rest and wait for the power of belief to consolidate.
