---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 403"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze, Umair, MudNinja"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 403: Shadow Frost**

*Hey! The system hasn’t announced the boss’ death yet!?* ThornyRose looked at Lin Le’s haughty laughter, speechless. She was about to warn him, “Lele! It’s not...”

From the flames, a cold axe covered in shadows instantly sent Lin Le flying to the far wall. When he hit the wall, it exploded into shadowy ice crystals. Lin Le was left with not even 10% health. He crawled up from the ground in pain. 

“That hurt like hell...”

*Whose fault is it!? Would it kill you to be less of a showoff!?* ThornyRose covered her forehead. Sometimes, Lele was so strong that it made one feel numb, but other times, he was so stupid it made one want to smash their head into a wall. She looked at the cold air coming off the boss. The flames on its body were extinguished by the shadow frost energy. The scene was enough to have people cry out in fear.

“Speed things up! Activate the tactical skill!” ThornyRose roared.

Ye Cang casually waved his hand. “Tactics! Pursuit!”

Immediately, everyone realized that not only had their movement and attack speed increased more than before, they could even choose one out of two single use skills; Charge or Escape.

SpyingBlade raised his brows. *Oh~, this skill really is very valuable. It doesn’t even lose to a heroic tier skill. This skill is focused on supporting the team. It even has a passive speed-increasing aura.*

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly engaged the boss again with a Barbaric Charge. He thought to himself, *the daily use of one out of four abilities of the ring is already been used up. I still have one Desperate Prayer. Should I save it? Or directly use it as an area attack.* 

ThornyRose noticed that Zhang ZhengXiong was planning to use Desperate Prayer. “Don’t use it! Save it! Its signature move hasn’t been used yet. Leave the tactical skill’s Charge and Escape as an emergency teleport. Don’t use it lightly!”

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded and began to compete with the boss, displaying his might as Thorns and Roses’ true strongest tank. ThornyRose activated her charge towards DyedLily’s two enemies. DyedLily also charged, swapping positions towards ThornyRose’s one. Lin Le crushed a gold coin in his hand, activating Power of Money and Money Maintenance. His health rapidly healed. He faced one of the nearby zombies in the fire, and activated a Rising Slash. Knockup failed? Trade Secret! Shamelessness! The knock up triggered again! Failed! However, Lin Le didn’t stop there, Shamelessness! Success! The next time he could use it would be in 30 seconds. The zombie was sent flying by Lin Le’s single handed swing. ThornyRose turned and looked at his attack. That was probably that Shamelessness talent. It was too messed up. It wasn’t useful for skills that would definitely succeed, but for those with a chance to succeed, this talent could have it retry twice every 30 seconds. It really matched the name, shameless...

TN: Apologies, my previous translation of Lin Le’s Trade Secret skill was incorrect. It allows Lin Le to retry any failed probability up to twice in 30 seconds.

After Lin Le knocked the zombie back, he didn’t pursue, instead he charged towards one of the zombies near Ye Cang, that was escaping the flames. Ye Cang also using Dashing Straight Thrust at Lin Le’s airborne zombie performing a mid-air combo. Multiple Straight Thrusts! Straight Thrust! He pulled out his ballista and pointed it at an abyss-elite zombie on the ground; Enchant Arrow - Fire, a fire arrow nailed it in the head, killing it.

FrozenBlood soloed one without much trouble, but the zombie’s health was very high, making her feel helpless. She’d been fighting it for a long time already. She saw Zhang ZhengXiong fighting the boss. Although he was at a disadvantage in strength and was pushed back a few meters, but with Team Leader’s tactics skill, he vigorously charged back with Berserk Tackle. The battle made one’s blood boil, and slowly, he even managed to push the boss back. Health-wise, that little girl Little Ye Tian’s support was very reliable, especially that Healing Chain which was truly awesome. It healed Shaking Bear, then would immediately bounce to the nearby SpyingBlade, then finally to herself. It even healed a pretty good amount. By the time it reached her, it was equivalent to a Healing Light, even though it was only half the healing of the first target. Chaining skills normally become progressively weaker, often by between 25-50%. The strength of her heal spell probably had to do with her attributes and the skill level as well as her talents.

Due to Ye Cang’s tactics skill that allowed them to attack like a storm, five of the elite zombies had already been dealt with. The General Level Zombie suddenly burst out with shadow frost energy that was impossible to dodge. It enveloped the entire room and its body with shadowy ice crystals. Everyone got their speed reduced by 15% and they received 35 damage. Not even one second after, the General Level Zombie roared, causing another burst of shadow frost energy to ripple out which swept past them again. There was absolutely no way to dodge! Everyone received another 35 dark and ice damage. The debuff also stacked, reducing their speed by 30%! Zhang ZhengXiong saw the chill in its eyes before it once again roared, sending yet another burst of energy. Everyone received 50 dark and ice damage! The debuff stacked again, a third time! A 50% reduction in speed of both attack and movement! They even entered an intimidated state… The sea of flames was also put out by the shadow frost energy, turning the room into a dark ice cellar...

ThornyRose thought to herself; *Not good! Everyone has been hit by the intimidation effect. Eh!? Lele and Shaking Bear don’t have it, probably because their Will is high! If only Ye Cang also wasn’t affected, his drum might have a chance of cancelling the intimidation effect!* 

Ye Cang activated Swift Retreat, dispelling the negative effect! He slapped the drum at his waist. A soundwave woke everyone. Lin Le threw out molotovs like he was throwing out money, pulling the room’s temperature back up like a furnace. The shadow frost began to weaken.

ThornyRose looked at Zhang ZhengXiong who wasn’t even affected by the three stacks. His will was extremely high; just one talent gave up to 10%! Let alone the fact that he has more from his other talents and equipment. Even more importantly, his class was one of two with the highest base will! A priest! Priests were always strong against mental effects! Even though he was an unorthodox priest, his auras gave him even more will. The other class was the illusionist! A class that used spirit magic to attack and debuff.

Fang Ci was a bit embarrassed as he looked at Bali who was afraid of the flames. There were very few things more depressing than using an undead to fight an undead in a sea of flames. Even more depressing would be an undead fighting an undead on holy grounds. Undead were practically immune to curse type skills, or at least they would reduce the effect by half...

Wang’s fighting strength was also reduced by the environment. He was always dependent on his summon, but there wasn’t enough space outside the sea of flames, and he couldn’t use any AOE water magic. He could only deal a pitiful amount of damage. At least he wasn’t reduced to joining Weak Sauce and Little Blue Feather who were cheering at the doorway...

ThornyRose let out a breath of relief, as there was no reduction in members! It was all thanks to Desperate Prayer saving them from a desperate situation. This was such a good skill, especially when fighting the undead. Not only can it cause large area damage and effects, it can also save the team. At a distance, Ye Cang was showing off by chanting and making hand seals like some incantatrix. He had been casting his incantation for quite a while...
