---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 404"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze, Umair, MudNinja"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 404: Frozen Corpse Eyes

“All magical effects! Break!” Ye Cang raised his hand high and shouted. Mark of the Wild was cast on the entire group. Everyone was affected by the warm nature energy. It used up nearly half of Ye Cang’s mana.

Mark of the Wild - Beginner Level: Instant blessing. Surrounding allies gain +15 to all attributes, +50 nature resistance, +15 defence, and restore 1 health every 4 seconds for 3 hours.

“You held back such a powerful buff only to use it now!!” ThornyRose’s chest tightened. She thought it would be some big killing move, but it turned out to be a powerful blessing. She sighed, “How long is the cast time?”

“Instant...” Ye Cang shrugged. 

ThornyRose immediately froze. *Then why were you chanting there for so long!?* Her body trembled; her rage was going off the charts. “You...”

“Don’t let down your guard, we’re still fighting the boss… Really!” Ye Cang threw her a dirty look, then calmly grabbed his ballista and began to aim.

ThornyRose’s two eyes were nearly shooting flames as her gaze locked onto his butt. 

FrozenBlood quickly pulled her away and joined the others in surrounding the boss. “Calm down, Team Leader had his reasons for the incantations...”

ThornyRose stopped her anger and asked doubtfully, “What reason?”

“To show off...” FrozenBlood calmly shrugged as she unleashed a storm of attacks on an elite zombie.

“......” ThornyRose felt like she couldn’t breathe. *What kind of people do I keep meeting...*

After the elite zombies were cleared up, the general level zombie was surrounded. With Zhang ZhengXiong’s powerful suppression, it suffered everyone’s killing blows. Finally, Lin Le spun and unleashed a Sword Drawing Art, cutting it in half. Unfortunately, GreenDew had approached the boss’ back in order to help defend it from Team Leader’s cursed hands but had her head cut off by Lin Le blade. FrozenBlood looked up and watched GreenDew’s head fly into the distance. *When Lele attacks, I usually hide far away, because god knows what he’ll do. It wasn’t just once or twice that I nearly died to him. If my reaction speed was any slower...*

“Brother Lil’White, I think I killed a random stranger by accident...” Lin Le rested his giant sword on his shoulder, and blinked his eyes at the distant head.

ThornyRose facepalmed. Lele’s inability to remember some people’s faces left her dumbfounded. GreenDew had already been with them so long...

“Lele, who is she...” FrozenBlood pulled over Little Jade and pointed at her.

“Little Jade!” Lin Le smiled.

“GreenDew’s existence doesn’t even compare to Little Jade’s...” FrozenBlood muttered. Little Jade shivered. Why did hearing that make her feel so upset.

“Lele, that’s our comrade. I think she was called GreenD\*ck...” Ye Cang smiled as he reached towards the corpse.

*She’s called GreenDew!* ThornyRose speechlessly pounced at him. Wu Na also stood between him and the boss, protecting it from being violated. They gave him an abyss-elite corpse to satisfy his cravings. Everyone watched him touch here and there, even flipping it over, yet nothing came out. They sighed deeply.

“His stuff is probably in the one beside him. During the battle, I saw the two of them whispering to each other in the fire. He must have transferred his stuff...” Ye Cang said earnestly, and then reached for another corpse. However, he was blocked by everyone. ThornyRose and the women all roared, “Letting you loot one is already treating you well! Don’t push it!!”

“Hah, you’ll regret it. You’ve once again let a godly artifact slip through your fingers...” Ye Cang calmly got up and sighed. Everyone rolled their eyes, wondering where his baseless confidence comes from...

Ye Cang took the items Lin Le passed over and began to distribute them. One gold equipment, 5 distinguished, and 2 skill books. The gold quality equipment was an accessory which everyone desired...

Frozen Corpse Eye (Gold - Abyss - Uncommon)

Category: Accessory

Requirements: None

+7 All Attributes

+8 Defence

Additional Dark and Ice Damage: 10 - 12 (Melee) / +10 Dark or Ice 

Magic Effect (Spells)

Active - Shadow Frost Roar: Explode with three waves of shadow frost energy that emits out in a ring shape. Each hit deals 25 dark and ice damage with a chance to cause knockback, and add one stack of debuff. Three stacks will trigger the skill effect, intimidating the target for three seconds and dealing 50 dark and ice damage. Cooldown: 1 hour.

ThornyRose was moved. It not only added defence, it even had a hybrid attribute skill like Shadow Frost Roar. Even more noteworthy was that the skill was the same as the one the boss used, just slightly weaker. The range was probably also smaller.

“About the accessory...” Ye Cang held an eyeball which emitted cold air in his hand.

“The spellcasters can temporarily do without. This accessory is better for a physical attacker. I recommend giving it to Shaking Bear...” SpyingBlade suggested. Shaking Bear had an accessory, but one can never have too many. Let alone the fact that besides Ye Cang and FrozenBlood, even Lin Le didn’t have one yet.

“I agree...” ThornyRose sighed. The all attributes bonus was too fitting for his all-rounded class. Intelligence and wisdom were useless for herself, but for him, it would have a pretty good effect. This accessory, besides Shaking Bear, only that lowlife could use it to its full potential, as he was also an all-rounder.

No one objected. DyedLily also nodded. Giving it to him would indeed be the best choice. He was the current party’s as well as the guild’s main tank. His equipment and skills were both impressive. ThornyRose even said that this tank was advanced from a priest, thus, he could also make use of wisdom and intelligence. The accessory’s active skill was also more fitting for someone on the front lines so that it could reach as far as possible...

“Then I won’t be polite. Haha...” Zhang ZhengXiong equipped the accessory and laughed.

“The next accessory is Lele’s...” Lin Le snorted, feeling wronged.

Ye Cang distributed the distinguished equipment. Fang Ci got two, the other three went to ThornyRose’s side. Next was the skill books.

Shadow Frost Strike (Uncommon - Abyss):

Perform a heavy strike clad in shadow frost energy, dealing 185 damage + 50% of your dark and ice damage (elemental damage receives bonuses from both physical stats and spell power). Causes 25% reduction in movement and attack, and 15 armor reduction for 5 seconds. Also has a chance to knockback and stun. 

Cost: 25 energy, 15 mana. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Dark Ice Blade (Uncommon - Abyss):

Adds shadow frost energy to your weapon, giving an additional 22 dark and ice damage. On hit, reduces armor by 10 points and speed by 15% for 4 seconds. Debuff can stack, every stack increases the armor reduction by 5 points, and speed by 5%. Dark Ice Blade lasts 4 strikes or 3 minutes.

Cost: 13 mana. Cooldown: 3 minutes.
