---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 405"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze, Umair"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 405: Outside the Ravine of Death**

ThornyRose looked at the two skill books and knew they were going to be taken away. The only one suited to use them was the damn lowlife with his high spell power. The two skills would make him much stronger. Was he going to benefit again? No! 

“You can have the two skills for 100 gold!”

Little Ye Tian generously counted the number of Thorns and Roses members present and deducted their share from their debt. Ye Cang decisively took the skill books and learned them. His melee ability powered up once again. Now he had a more stable melee control ability. He swung his pike, creating an explosion of shadow frost, which blossomed gorgeously. “Tsk tsk, not bad...”

ThornyRose sighed. Reducing their debt was better than nothing. She looked around and found the sword fragment. They could now return and turn it in. 

“What are your plans now?”

“Walk the lands with my sword; rid the world of evil...” Ye Cang raised his pike and said, looking solemn. He retrieved his composite heavy bow from ElegantFragrance, and put his ballista back in his bag.

*F\*\*k off!* ThornyRose couldn’t help roaring in her heart. She was only a step away from going berserk. *Whatever, the quest was completed perfectly, and there are plenty of things to do in Black Rock City.* She took a deep breath. 

“Then you guys go on ahead. I plan to move my guild’s base to Bal village, it’s a good place to train and is rich in resources. Most importantly, there are few players...”

Little Ye Tian nodded. It was true; this place was like a treasure trove. There would probably be even more guilds that come, so letting Thorns and Roses set up camp there was a good choice. At least they were allies. 

“Ok, but they have to help with construction and management...”

“I know that. As for the profits...” ThornyRose and Little Ye Tian began to discuss things that Ye Cang didn’t really understand. Although he often talked about projects with people in the Commandments, but he never looked at the agreements, because he might fall asleep leaving him open to sneak attacks. However, Ye Cang could still understand the big picture...

Leaving the cemetery, ThornyRose increased her debt to the wolves in sheep's clothing in order to obtain a few barrels of magic spring water and a few disgusting, very disgusting, and extremely disgusting fried maggot like things, which could be preserved for a long time.

Ye Cang watched DyedLily’s departing butt and sighed. “I still haven’t personally confirmed it, but she definitely has good birthing hips. A’Xiong, work a bit harder...”

“Of course. Bro...” Zhang ZhengXiong patted his own chest and grinned.

In the distance, DyedLily didn’t know why, but she felt a chill on her butt. She turned and saw Zhang ZhengXiong, Ye Cang, Lin Le, and Little Ye Tian all pointing at her, but didn’t know what they were pointing for. However, that mysterious chill persisted. Those people were all nutjobs. Suddenly, her whole body shivered. She quickly caught up with ThornyRose while covering her rear.

FrozenCloud saw what Ye Cang’s group was doing. *Those guys...* She looked up and saw Zhang ZhengXiong staring at DyedLily, and her heart felt strangely uneasy. She struck at him with her elbow.

Zhang ZhengXiong uncrossed his arms, and opened his palm, easily blocking her. “Lil’Dino, I know your feelings for me, but think of the children. In order for them to look as handsome as me, hah...”

“Sorry Lil’Dino. Although we’re good brothers, but I promised his sister that I would find him a pretty wife. I gave my word...” Ye Cang said, looking at her with a depressed expression.

“......” 

To the side, Wu Na and the others felt dizzy, especially SpyingBlade. She was FrozenBlood’s sister, one of the top beauties in the capital’s acting department. Does he not know? Lin Le saw Fang Ci and the others’ confusion, so took out FrozenCloud’s ‘pre plastic surgery’ picture. Wang and Fang Ci immediately took a step back. They looked to FrozenCloud with encouraging expressions. SpyingBlade was covered in cold sweat. *So you all think she looked like that before… However, this prank of god, where did this heavenly disaster of a face come from.*

FrozenCloud’s feelings were complicated. She was afraid of their reaction if she told them the truth. Nana once said what she hated the most were liars. She liked Ye Cang because he would never truly cheat her. At most, he’d talk some rubbish, but was there a difference? She also liked their sincerity, like how Shaking Bear treated her. He was always very open and frank with his feelings. He would openly say that he didn’t like dinosaurs. As for herself, she had relied on lies to get close to them...

FrozenCloud sighed. “I would never like a bear like you!”

After speaking, she pulled Wu Na and Little Ye Tian away, and walked at the very front.

“A’Xiong, why don’t you just...” Ye Cang couldn’t take it. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and suggested.

Zhang ZhengXiong mind was rattled. Although he wasn’t exactly handsome, but he didn’t have to lower himself to that degree. A normal person would do. “Bro, my sister wouldn’t be able to rest easy...”

“......” Ye Cang speechlessly sighed. “Lil’Dino… It would be good if we didn’t know how she looked before her surgery...”

“Actually, sister Lil’Dino is...” Fang Ci wanted to say something, but Zhang ZhengXiong looked at him with contempt and shoved the picture at him. “If it was you...”

Fang Ci found himself without a response. He was completely unable to retort for a long time. 

SpyingBlade just smiled bitterly. It was better for him not to butt in. FrozenCloud probably had her reasons for not telling them...

Ye Cang’s party just had the ruins in the ravine left to explore. They returned to Bal village and set out from the north. According to the written records, Little Ye Tian led the way to the edge of Ravine of Death. 

“It’s not inside the ravine, it should be somewhere on the upper part, we just don’t know whether it’s to the left or the right. Look for a sea of flowers...”

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the ravine entrance. The sound of wind numbed their hearts, because the wind carried traces of wailing and cries of beasts. To the two sides of the ravine entrance were jungles that sloped upwards. 

“Since we’re here, why don’t we enter the ravine and explore a bit. There might be some treasures. There probably haven't been any people exploring here yet...”

“Alright, however for now, our first priority should be to find Jam’s ruins. On the way back, we can go through the ravine...” Ye Cang calmly said, then began to head towards the left. Everyone followed closely.

Ye Cang petted Little Blue Feather’s head. The little cyan-eyed falcon flew into the air and let out a cry which echoed for a long time.

“There’s no sea of flowers on this side so far...” Ye Cang brought everyone through the jungle towards the steep hill, which was sparsely littered with trees. Most of it was grass though. The further they looked, the sparser the vegetation became. Even the grass had trouble growing, leaving bald spots of earth...

Ye Cang came to the cliff side. He looked at the middle of the ravine. Along the cliffs, there were many vines and brambles. He pointed to the other side of the ravine. It was a bit higher, and the others couldn’t see as far. Little Blue Feather flew over and let out another cry.

“It saw buildings, but no flowers...” Ye Cang translated.
