---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 411"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux, MudNinja, Umair"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 411: Vanish**

“Don’t you have one now...” SpyingBlade smiled.

“Hah, I’m short on attributes...” Fang Ci shrugged.

In the end, the Dark Gold longsword went to NalanMoon. ThornyRose felt regretful, however NalanPureSoul had paid for it and he had promised not to fight over the gold quality sword. 

They finished distributing equipment. The gold sword was given to ThornyRose, while Ye Cang gave the heavy armor gloves to Lin Le. All that was left were the two skill books. Little Ye Tian stood out and said, “The skill books will go to Happy Firmaments, which has the right of distribution. We’ll pay 200 gold which will then be divided among you. As for the guild charter, it is also ours… We had a prior agreement that we would only give one item...”

Guild charter… NalanPureSoul frowned. Something he must have, was dropped! He looked at Ye Cang and said seriously, “State your price...”

Ye Cang raised two fingers. “Half federal dollars. Gold wise, you can owe us. Little Ye Tian will go over the interest with you...”

“Alright...” NalanPureSoul said without hesitation. Although 2000 gold was a bit expensive, but the earlier they establish a guild, the better! A 1000 gold debt, would probably take a while to return… In-game currency was in short supply. There wasn’t even enough in the black market.

ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang. *So evil. This is already the third guild charter, but NalanPureSoul doesn’t know that I have one on me. I should quickly return and establish the guild, I have to get it before them.* She quickly brought her people and, without turning back, vanished like smoke. “Put the skill book money to my debt. Distribution is done, I have an important matter to attend to! Goodbye!”

NalanPureSoul saw ThornyRose hastily leaving the moment he took the guild charter. *No matter how important, she should have said a proper farewell, let alone the fact that there are still ruins to explore. There will probably be extra rewards in there. Wait! Could it be!* He shouted in a lovely voice, “Not good! They’re also holding onto a guild charter! Chase! Sis, bring some people to cut them off. Everyone rush back to Black Rock City at full speed!!”

Ye Cang watched the two troops disappear into the jungle and muttered, “They didn’t even ask to go explore the ruins… Although I didn’t plan to bring them along... for the time being...”

“It concerns their entire guild after all...” Little Ye Tian shrugged.

“Bro, we’re in the same guild as ThornyRose...” Zhang ZhengXiong broke out into cold sweat.

Ye Cang blinked, and thought for about a second. “So?”

SpyingBlade, Fang Ci, and Wang all smiled bitterly. No wonder, Sister Rose hated Team Leader so much. Team Leader had never treated Thorns and Roses as a guild. The three of them were doubtful. As Ye Cang was playing games for the first time, could it be that he really didn’t know anything about guilds and clubs. SpyingBlade and Fang Ci, who knew that Ye Cang was the leader of one of the factions in the 10 Commandments, were both speechless. He also treated the Commandments the same way. Although he was the head of a faction, but his actions often crossed the line. For example, Sky Burial getting killed by Hunting Flame was all due to his approval. This was something that wasn’t supposed to happen. Regardless of whether Sky Burial was good or bad, he was still a leader of the Commandments, even if he was only promoted two years ago. They learned from Cold Moon and Ardent Wind that #1 didn’t pursue the matter, and Hunting Flame continued joining the meetings with Cold Moon as before, with his mysterious smile and poker face. One could imagine how special Team Leader’s position in the Commandments was. They could also feel that #2 was a bit low-key...

Fang Ci took the skill book that Ye Cang passed him. Then saw the hardworking little worker bee teammates looting the thousands of withered shade corpses. SpyingBlade looted a withered shade and luckily got a masterwork equipment. He watched Ye Cang loot one beside him, then another one, yet only got harvested materials. Nothing else. “Team Leader, you should take a break. These little monsters would be a waste of your divine hand...”

“Fellow student SpyingBlade is right. I was careless. My divine hand is for looting bosses. These little monsters can’t handle my divine hand’s luck, especially since they all rushed out the door without bringing equipment...” Ye Cang stroked his chin and slowly nodded. After gathering up Rabbis, the withered shade, he sat down and examined the ingredients in his bag. At fixed times, as if he was paid hourly, he would clear up the corpses that everyone had looted.

Wu Na and FrozenCloud both gave SpyingBlade a thumbs up, thanking him for protecting countless withered shade corpses...

Lin Le’s improved handcart was also filled up by the many withered ashes, and they were only half done. Ye Cang was not worried. He had Lin Le and Little Ye Tian return with the cart, then come back. After two trips, they finished cleaning up the entire withered field. The extras were put into their warehouse in Black Rock City. Finally, they looked back on the withered field to see that after looting here and there, the place had become completely bald. The original withered field debuff was also reduced. It now only reduced healing by 25% and health regeneration by 50%. No one was sure whether this should be considered ecological destruction or protection. Anyways, the field became clean. They all smiled bitterly...  

“Let’s eat and rest for a while before going in. We’ve made so many big sales, and received so many precious materials, let’s stop by the night market tonight and feast!” Ye Cang said heroically.

“Hey, we’re only going to eat at some stalls. Although the food is top quality, but isn’t calling it a feast an overstatement! Precious materials?...” SpyingBlade recalled something and asked doubtfully, “These ashes are valuable?”

“It should be. My identification skill says this type of withered ash has a variety of uses. The stronger the withered shade, the more precious the ash. One of its uses is my specialty culinary arts...” Ye Cang smiled. Everyone nodded as they heard the first half. ‘Not bad’ they thought. It seemed even more valuable than magic crystals. However, when they heard the end, they were frozen stiff. *Haha, it’s another foul wind and rain of carnage...*

...

Night market.

Gongsun Qian came to see her recovered sweetheart. Although she had already tearfully thanked Ye Cang, she was still full of gratitude and appreciation towards him. Ye Cang just waved it off, “There are conditions. Stop calling me benefactor. Although I can’t tell you what they are yet, but it’s dangerous. Aren’t you worried?”

Gongsun Qian leaned on SpyingBlade’s shoulder, “Him, I’m not worried at all. He’s the man that won my heart...”

Ye Cang froze. He couldn’t help raising the corners of his lips. She really was a good woman… He looked at SpyingBlade and said seriously, “Don’t let down her kindness again...”

“I know...” SpyingBlade gently held Gongsun Qian and said with a soft smile.

Soon, the night market around Old Wang’s shop became especially lively, because the ramen shop’s Old Li had also come over. The two of them made an Eastern, Western, Japanese, mashup banquet for everyone. Anyone who passed by would start to drool. When they saw the trio of white hair, violent bear like body, and a naive childlike university student at the table, they all saluted. However, they all left full of reverence without disturbing them. Thinking of the scene of the student council losing and suffering the mighty chrysanthemum rod made them cover their butts. In the east district, members of T-105 were already legendary existences...
