---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 412"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux, MudNinja, Umair"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 412: Insect Cave Behind the Temple**

The laughter at the table made Ye Cang smile. He watched Little Ye Tian being angered by Lin Le, FrozenCloud glaring at Zhang ZhengXiong angrily, Wu Na consoling her, Fang Ci feeding his sister Fang Tong, Zuo Yiyi talking about fashion with Gongsun Qian, and SpyingBlade’s foolish laughter; the scene seemed especially happy and comfortable. Ye Cang’s heart felt warm. If possible, he hoped he could be with them forever. *What am I thinking about! It’s going to happen!* He swept the bad premonition out of his mind. “Cheers! For the Happy Firmaments Corporation!” 

“...when did it become a corporation...” Everyone felt ashamed.

“Cheers!!” They were all laughing and drinking.

...

Avīci.

The sinister iron masked, white haired man was there, chained from head to toe. His tranquil eyes looked exceptionally dazzling among all the tortures of hell. A white clothed woman was nearby looking at him with a complicated expression. Love was something unimaginable to her. It seemed even more terrifying than the eternal torment of Avīci. To be able to leave people with no regrets, and keep them faithful beyond death, just what kind of feeling was it… As she thought to there, she quickly came to. She slowly turned and left, walking somewhat unsteadily. Her mind continued to think about those unwavering yet gentle eyes. She gave a dejected sigh. Those words played in her mind… *Compared to losing true love, this bit of pain is not even worth mentioning… If the one he loved was me...* She felt a violent burning in her chest, and a sweet taste in her throat. She spat out a mouthful of blood. *What is wrong with me? I, who has trained in the Jade Heart Sutra, can’t feel passion. I have to suppress this magic...* 

...

The scene returned to the seaside cottage.

Everyone contently walked along the sandy shore, and chatted while looking at the sea of stars. Lin Le turned towards the boundless stars, and his eyes glazed. *Lele is doing well. Mommy, Daddy… Lele is famous now. Will you find Lele?*

On a cruise ship, Song Xin looked at the data she had gathered, and her brows furrowed. Her face showed her alarm. She quickly destroyed the original. *I can’t let anyone know that I’m investigating!* Her beautiful eyes looked at the reflection of the moon on the sea. *Lele, it’s not that I don’t want to investigate, but I don’t dare look any deeper. Your history could open the door to a hidden truth. This is all for you. There is nothing more important than seeing you happy and cheerful.*

Everyone returned to the withered field in the game. They faced the ruins and began to advance. Perhaps the battle outside had attracted all the withered shades inside; there wasn’t a single trace of a living being. Ye Cang saw a little jewel box in the corner. He peeked left and right and saw no one around. They were splitting up to search. He decisively started running towards it, and opened the chest, then muttered, “This place has been abandoned for so long, it’s very normal for the chests to be empty...”

After he spoke, he got up and buried the chest before continuing his search.

Finally, everyone gathered outside the temple and began reporting their results. Ye Cang gave a gold quality spellcaster offhand tome to Fang Ci. It gave him enough attributes to equip the shadow staff. Wu Na and Wang had no objections. 

Upon entering the temple, they saw that many of the temple’s supporting pillars were broken. In some places, the collapse made rooms and tunnels inaccessible. They had to circle around to the other side of the blockage. Little Ye Tian flipped through an ancient book. 

*Goddess Jam’s temple was a place to pray for fertility. Many would come for her blessing or stop by the nearby inns for a rest. The place was once prosperous. They would select a cat as an envoy of the goddess and worship it. Finally, when Rabbis…*

Rabbis the event boss? She closed the book, and roughly explained the contents to everyone.

“It doesn’t seem like a coincidence. All three shrines were destroyed, and it seems like it wasn’t caused by natural disasters. If I’m not wrong, it all happened at the same time...” SpyingBlade began to think.

“Who cares. Let’s kill our way over and wash the goddess. Won’t we know if we ask her...” Ye Cang shrugged and decisively walked further into the temple. Everyone quickly followed.

After entering the main hall, Ye Cang and the others suddenly stopped. They saw that the cracking walls were covered in some sort of fleshy stuff with pulsing veins. Little Ye Tian squatted down and touched the sticky liquid on the ground. “It’s from an insect. These disgusting organ like walls are a lot like the ones built by the maggots, however this place looks much more intricate. The inside should be some sort of an insect type existence...”

“Everyone be careful. Lele, how many more molotovs do you have?” Ye Cang drew his composite heavy bow, and reached behind him to take out a kagu bee arrow from his class equipment quiver. He slowly stepped onto the soft ‘ground’.

“I’ll count...” Lin Le opened his class equipment, the reinforced armed chamber of commerce employee bag, and began to count one by one. Little Ye Tian sighed. “73 refined bottles, 3 boss level bottles...”

“Little Tian, not bad, that’s what brother Le counted too. Brother Lil’White, there’s that much...” Lin Le smiled and replied.

“Depending on the situation, when we go in and battle, if the insects are afraid of fire, just do your best to make the battlefield advantageous for us...” As Ye Cang walked, he could see that in the darkness, there were egg-like things on the floor. “I see what looks like eggs...”

From the ceiling, a clump of sticky liquid fell on Wu Na’s face. Wu Na scowled, quickly wiped it off, and complained, “I hate sticky stuff like this. Disgusting!”

Little Ye Tian crouched down and examined an egg. She used a little awl to poke a hole and see inside. She didn’t dare to cause a commotion by smashing it open. She saw a beetle type creature in the sticky liquid. Beetle shaped? That meant that their defence was high. If it’s a boss, then it’s a completely different story… As she was contemplating, a mantis like blade popped out of the eggshell. Little Ye Tian quickly dodged, receiving a long scar on her face. SpyingBlade’s longsword quickly struck the egg a few times, settling it...

Ye Cang identified the corpse while harvesting it. “It’s a bagu beetle...”

The scene earlier made Wu Na’s hair stand on end. That time at the kagu bug nest was enough to make her shiver. It was part of her nature as a woman to hate this sort of insect.

“Let’s not go any further yet. Return to the garden and eat a bit to buff up. There’s something new~” Ye Cang hinted at a ‘nice surprise’ which made everyone’s scalp tingle. Withered ashes...

Retreating back to the garden, Ye Cang began to cook. He deep fried meat smeared in slime gel, withered ash, bones, and specter residue. His ‘secret’ recipe created some grey deep fried batter. Beside it boiled his work of art, ‘bone broth’ soup. While cooking, Ye Cang smiled proudly, “This soup is made from Skeletal Demon bones, General Level Zombie bones, various demon beasts bones, and various creature bones. It’s matched with the succulent and juicy fluorescent mushroom! There’s also many other types of mushrooms. Haha, there’s more~ There’s also fish! Black Peaks local fish! You think that is all!? No! There’s also this secret fermented sauce!...” As he spoke to there, everyone quickly got up to stop him, but Ye Cang still threw it in. The so called secret fermented sauce, no one knew how many disgusting and sticky things were mixed in there, but they all saw that it at least had the General Level Zombie’s rotten fluid...
