---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 414"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux, MudNinja"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 414: Bagu Bug Vanguard**

In the sea of flames, experience numbers continuously floated up. It wasn’t much, but also not little.

Under the light of the flames, the bloody goddess looked extremely malevolent. The layer of sticky liquid only made it even more hair-raisingly terrifying. The floor continued to quake. Everyone had pretty much cleared out the bugs around the goddess statue, when they saw that the flaming hole wouldn’t hold much longer.

“A’Xiong, standby near the hole. If it comes out, hold it back right away.” Ye Cang used his composite heavy bow, and accurately shot arrow after arrow at those lucky bagu bugs on the ceiling that had yet to fall.

Zhang ZhengXiong charged towards the hole, dragging his heavy axe behind him. He sensed the violent movement and lowered his stance.

The fire in the hole gradually became smaller and bagu bugs started coming out. However, there was a violent shriek which turned all the little bagu bugs into meat paste. An enormous, armored, scythe armed beetle came out of the hole. It faced the inside of the palace with a deranged and extremely ear piercing screech that shook their consciousness. Ye Cang quickly slapped the little drum at his waist, sobering everyone up.

Bagu Bug - Vanguard Beetle - Turchisa: The general of the bagu bug vanguard beetles. It has an extremely hard exoskeleton, and a rapid straight line charging speed. It’s an extremely destructive, elite bagu bug...

Zhang ZhengXiong had a high Will so he wasn’t intimidated when it appeared. As it was charging out of the hole, his Barbaric Tackle struck its body, knocking it back inside. The giant axe glowed with the light of Holy Judgement, fiercely striking three times at its head. However, the damage wasn’t very high. Its shell was really too hard.

“Bro! His physical resistance is too damn high!” Zhang ZhengXiong used his axe to block a sweeping scythe. His feet slit across the cracking, fleshy ground for 5 meters before stopping.

“Those who can break armor, find a spot. Focus fire and break one place. Fang Ci, in this battle, your specter will be of great use. Spirit attacks are more effective against this type...” SpyingBlade reminded.

Fang Ci nodded. He activated his staff’s multiple shadow arrows. It had a temporarily armor reduction affect. Meanwhile, he controlled Bali to cast curses and spirit attacks.

*Breaking armor?* Ye Cang smiled. His hands shined with green light then shot out a green spit like thing. It hit in the spot that the shadow arrows were attacking. The shell began to visibly soften.

“It’s afraid of acid type attacks!” SpyingBlade shouted. He activated his own armor weakening skill. His longsword hacked at that spot. He rapidly slashed 4 times, leaving afterimages! Pretty impressive damage numbers floated up. He suddenly leaned sideways, giving way to the shadow frost coated Dashing Straight Thrust. He watched the flower of ice bloom… would it work?

Ye Cang pike poked through. Ice crystals burst out from inside the cracks, blowing it open. Success! The target was stunned and hit by the frozen debuff. Its nerves were temporarily numbed.

“Lele has a trump card...” Lin Le laughed mischievously. He took out green bottles and weighed them in his hand, then three of them were tossed out. The green liquid spilled over the bagu bug vanguard. The shell around it’s entire body began to emit smoke.

“Lele, throw a glue bottle at his face and by the hole!” Ye Cang smiled. *Die. The acid bottles and my Acid Spray were saved just for invincible bosses like you. If your straight line charging speed is fast, I’ll seal your charge...*

“Ok! Brother Lil’White!” Lin Le threw out a bottle of white liquid which landed right on the stunned bagu bug’s front. SpyingBlade raised his brows. *This is the sticky liquid that the kagu bug nest maggots created. Right, Lele has the formula to make glue bottles. My god, now we’ve stopped its movements. Without any way to advance or retreat, this boss can only blame itself for meeting its nemesis. If it was another team, this boss wouldn’t be much weaker than an event boss. That near invulnerable shell is the biggest threat.* He reminded them, “Don’t stop attacking! Its shell restores quickly!!”

After throwing the acid bottles, Lin Le leapt over. From its side, he unleashed his Wild Blows. FrozenCloud warned him as he prepared to swing his handcart with Handcart Homerun. She was afraid of him smacking it away from everyone’s attack range and out of the glue. He unhappily pouted, put away his handcart, and continued hacking...

Wu Na’s Ice Spear pierced through it, adding to its disasters. Following that, Ye Cang Shadow Stepped to Fang Ci’s side and released his Queen Bee Bolt with Meteor Shot. He summoned his Shadow Weapon - Heavy Crossbow which shot the King Bee Bolt. Both bolts shot through the hole he had pierced before. A huge burst of damage was caused by the bolts + poison. The boss cried out again and again...

At this time, the bagu bug vanguard broke out of stun due to the sharp pain. The scythes on its two arms swung creating a net of blades. SpyingBlade quickly backed up a few steps to avoid it. Zhang ZhengXiong roared and advanced instead of retreating. His giant axe was used as a shield. He targeted the wound and, with a shout, he charged at it with Berserk Tackle, “Don’t stop! Keep it up!” 

Zhang ZhengXiong raised his left arm. Clang! His right hand raised his giant axe and struck at the healing shell. Following a cracking sound was another painful screech. In the flurry of slashes, Zhang ZhengXiong only defended his vitals. He ensured he wouldn’t take extra damage and continued fighting. Desperate Prayer! Berserk Recovery! Rainbow Slam! Success!

Zhang Zhengxiong was pleased. It actually worked! Little Ye Tian knew the effects of that skill. Its chance of working on a boss wasn’t very high, but insects were sensitive to light, so the chances were greatly improved! Also, this type of boss, as long as its shell broke, the inside was frail, increasing the chances even further. She quickly cast the just off cooldown Holy Shield and Rejuvenating Light on him. Two Pearls of Light formed...

Ye Cang put away his ballista. This was a good chance. He hit again with Acid Spray. Fang Ci was going to summon a Withered Shade but had second thoughts. It seemed they weren’t required, so he saved his mana. He began to throw spirit balls, dealing steady yet considerable damage. The increase in dark damage had some effect on his Spirit Ball, but only half. Fang Ci smiled bitterly. As expected of a dark gold weapon, his Spirit Ball’s damage was still nearly doubled...

FrozenCloud lowered her body. Her dark gold martial artist robe’s effect activated, temporarily doubling her attributes, followed closely by a Wyvern Kick! Claws shot out of her gauntlets; Wolverine Strike, Triple Strike, Heavy Fist, Kamaitachi - Sweeping Wind! Shouryuukenn! She landed and retreated a step. She used all of her remaining Qi on her epic skill - Collapsing Palm! The strike created an incredibly deep boom. With the bonus from the Combo Master (After using a skill, your next attack will deal +15% damage) talent, a string of scarily high numbers popped up. The boss’ shell was smashed once again, stunning it.

Ye Cang faintly smiled. This boss was already their b\*tch. It was too easy to disable. He drew his composite heavy bow and sent out an Acid Sting (A couple instances of poison damage followed by a burst which paralyses the target). It hit the revealed flesh between its cracked shell. He reached and pulled out another arrow, nocked it, Enchanted Arrow - Explosive Arrow. The damage was practically doubled...
