---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 415"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 415: Goddess Jam

The bagu bug vanguard once again broke out of stun. In fright, it quickly turned around and began crawling back towards the hole, however, the hole being covered in glue made it difficult for it to move forward. Ye Cang’s Acid Sting burst at this moment, paralysing it before the hole’s entrance. Lin Le quickly jumped towards the hole and squeezed in with difficulty, then smashed with his handcart! “Lele Homerun!”

It was directly smashed out of the hole. With the shake of a hand, a few acid bottles flew out of the hole with it. They flew in an arc, accurately hitting it...

Zhang ZhengXiong fearlessly intercepted it in the air. The both received damage, but he made it fall back into the glue. He landed and once again charge over. Holy Judgement! The final strike of light stunned it once again.

Lin Le pushed the handcart, as if shopping, and crashed it with Handcart Charge. Zhang ZhengXiong used Barbaric Tackle. They sandwiched it between them with a loud bang. It was already powerless to resist, the armor on its body completely useless. Ye Cang drew his bow. Precise Shot, right between the eyes.

“Congratulations, you’ve slain bagu bug vanguard - Turchisa! Received 3000 experience...”

FrozenCloud flew at Ye Cang with a Wyvern Kick. Ye Cang sneered, dodging it. He grabbed her ankle as she flew by, making her fall to the ground. His pike stabbed through the back of her head. Then he turned his body, dodging Wu Na’s Ice Arrow. “Too easy, you think you can stop me with...”

He didn’t even finish before Lin Le’s voice came, “Brother Lil’White! A dark gold came out! A dark gold!!”

“......” Ye Cang chest tightened. He pointed at everyone, looking hurt. “You all...”

“Team Leader, this is for the team...” On the ground, FrozenCloud felt, once again, the difference between them. It wasn’t just equipment, but also awareness. Team Leader would sense anything that posed a threat to him as soon as it was unleashed. Sister Rose’s interceptions were harmless, so he couldn’t sense it in his abnormal state... 

Ye Cang sighed deeply and took the things Lin Le passed over to give him. *These guys don’t believe in my divine hand. I must make them fear it!! The next event boss, I’ll definitely loot it!* He looked at the two pieces of equipment.

Bagu Bug Vanguard Mask (Dark Gold - Bagu Bug - Nightmare)

Category: Heavy Mask

Requirements: 130 Strength

+20 Defence

+25 Strength

+15 Constitution

Reduced physical damage taken by 7%.

Active - Bagu Vanguard : Instantly reinforce your whole body with a shell. Increase defence by 30% for 3 minutes. Cooldown: 15 minutes.

Bagu Bug Vanguard Hatchet (Dark Gold - Bagu Bug - Nightmare)

Category: Heavy One-Handed Axe / Two Handed Axe

Requirements: 115/105 Strength & 75/70 Constitution

Damage: 30 - 32 / 32 - 35

+15 Strength

+10 Constitution

+15 Crush (Against creatures with low armor or lower attributes, has 
a chance to deal +50% crushing damage)

Active - Bagu Bug Vanguard’s Fury: Immediately perform a straight charge at the target. Deals 165% damage with a chance to cause stun for 2 seconds and knockback. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

“The mask goes to A’Xiong. No complaints right...” Ye Cang directly gave the mask to Zhang ZhengXiong.

Zhang ZhengXiong took it, already used to Ye Cang’s favoritism. If Ye Cang felt like it should go to him, he’ll think of a way to make it happen, as long as it doesn’t involve other matters. He practically got something good every time. Ye Cang was always thinking about him and his sister...

No one had any objections. In this group, only Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong could use it. That defensive skill, it would obviously go to the team’s main tank. A powerful tank was absolutely necessary. In SpyingBlade’s eyes, there was nothing wrong with Zhang ZhengXiong always taking the best equipment. His contribution to the group was that important. Even without his aura’s, he was still among the federation’s best tanks. It wasn’t enough for a tank to have technique, it required a special spirit! An imposingness! If you have the courage to rush into an army of thousands, then there is no need to fear that no one will support you from behind. Zhang ZhengXiong had this ‘a match for ten thousand enemies’ type of aura. It was like no matter who was in front of him, he would never avoid them. Moreover, he was a berserker that wouldn’t rest until he had your head. Really New Village’s Three Brothers. Although people thought it was a joke, but those three really were fearless back in Really New Village. They feared no one, because to them, it didn’t matter how many or few the enemies were, nor who they were. They didn’t even fear CloudDragon. With one word, they kill. From the very first time SpyingBlade sold them that shield, he could tell that those three weren’t to be provoked. Where else would you find someone in this age who would bargain with ‘If you don’t half the price, we’ll pee on it so you can’t sell it’...

“What about the axe. Lele and A’Xiong definitely don’t want it. As for the others, what about you SpyingBlade?” Ye Cang asked.

“Not used to axes, and it’s about the same as my offhand. Leave it and we can sell it for a good price when we get back...” SpyingBlade shook his head.

“Alright, we’ll leave it for now...” Ye Cang put the barbed axe in his backpack, then harvested the boss. The sea of bug corpses also went into the cart. He took out a few towels and once again tied them to his pike, turning it into a mop, as he looked towards the goddess statue. “Begin cleaning the goddess statue!”

OldWangFromNextDoor was already sitting on the goddess’s chest, waiting for this command.

“......” Everyone saw that and sighed, especially Wu Na, FrozenCloud, SpyingBlade, and Fang Ci. Just how lonely and desperate was he.

Ye Cang was, as before, cleaning the place between her legs. Zhang ZhengXiong and SpyingBlade cleaned her butt. Lin Le worked on her legs. With the help of magic spring water, the blood and sticky liquid was quickly washed off. The goddess statue began to glow. Wu Na and FrozenCloud sat nearby. If they were the goddess, they would immediately smite these blasphemers. Especially that white hair who was poking between her legs with a pike...

“Iyaaan~~!” As the goddess statue began to shine, it let out a very ecstatic moan which echoed throughout the temple for a long time, making Wang feel weak in the knees. As expected of a goddess...

“Sir Brave Warrior with the pike, gentler...” Goddess Jam said shyly while moaning. Ye Cang was in a bit of a bad mood because she didn’t directly give them their rewards, so he began to do it harder! *Where’s my reward! Give it! Or I’ll poke you to death!*

“Iyaaan~ Warrior! Iyaaan~ Good, good… Aah! Harder!!”

Wu Na and FrozenBlood covered their ears. Such a disgraceful scene and voice. Were these really the three daughters of the nature goddess? It felt like each was thirstier than the last. And they seemed to like this shame play.

“Thank you, especially sir ranger. In order to repay you for freeing this shrine, accept my blessing!!!” The goddess shouted, somewhat short of breath.
