---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 416"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 416: Three Goddesses

“Congratulations, you’ve obtained Goddess Jam’s blessing. +3 Wisdom, +2% Will, and a chance to obtain a plant type skill. Due to Goddess Jam being very pleased with your contribution in freeing her, she specially gives you an extra blessing...”

“Congratulations, you’ve learned the skill Flowers in the Wind.”

Flowers in the Wind (Jam - Beginner Level): 

Chant 3 bars (about 2 seconds), and give rise to a flowery wind full of healing energy in an area. Friendly forces in the area will heal 7 points of health every second for 20 seconds, and has a chance to remove a damage over time effect. 

Cost: 35 mana. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

“Congratulations, you’ve obtained an extra blessing. You’ve learned Jam’s Plant Technique.”

Jam’s Plant Techniques (Jam - Beginner Level)

Jam - Planting Skill: Can discover, identify, and gather plant type seeds. Can plant and breed them.

Jam - Rapid Growth: Can be used on plants within a large area. Reduce its growth time (Can only increase growth and doesn’t stack. If the range overlaps, only one of them will take effect. Duration is until the plant is mature).

Ye Cang was very satisfied. The planting skill was a perfect match for his cooking. In his hands, the effect were not just 1 + 1 = 2 or 1 + 1 = 3. No, it was 1 + 1 = N! There were infinite possibilities!

Everyone looked at Ye Cang immersing himself in that shiver-inducing laughter. He was definitely thinking about something retarded...

At this time, the shrine began to shine even brighter. Silhouettes of the three goddesses appeared before everyone’s eyes. OldWangFromNextDoor stared in awe. As expected of three goddesses. Anya’s wild beauty, Mallow’s dignified beauty, Jam’s fresh beauty. Lin Le immediately measured their cup sizes with a glance. They were respectively F, D+, and E.

“Brave warriors, thank you all for freeing the shrines of us sisters. If possible, we hope you will help us restore the shrines to their former glory, and allow us to continue protecting the people of Black Peaks...” Jam’s heavy breathing had slowly settled down.

“Jam, right now, Prosperity Hill has already been occupied by insects. Our top priority can only be to ask these brave warriors to gather more warriors and clear them out...” Anya said.

“Anya is right. Brave warriors, will you help us shoulder the burden of clearing Prosperity Hill and restoring it?” Mallow looked at everyone and asked earnestly.

Ye Cang calculated. The reward would definitely be generous, but let alone clearing the Ravine of Death, just restoring the three shrines would be like building three more Bal Villages. Could they handle it? He gave an inquiring glance to the treasurer Little Tian.

Little Ye Tian considered for a moment, then nodded.

“We’d be honored...” Ye Cang accepted the quest.

“Congratulations, you’ve received the epic quest ‘Restoring the Three Nature Goddesses’ Shrines’. Help them rebuild their shrines, gather believers, and liberate the Ravine of Death from insects and evil creatures in the Ravine of Death. Time Limit: None. Reward: Unknown.”

“Gathering believers...” Ye Cang frowned. The competition between Black Rock City’s associations was intense, and the goddesses had been silent for nearly a thousand years, yet they still want a piece of the pie. He felt like they had no way to compete. The other associations had teachers to impart skills and whatnot...

“Don’t worry, we’ve already returned. The descendants of our core believers have already received our call. They should rush over and assist you in gathering believers...” Mallow smiled.

Little Ye Tian more or less understood her meaning. As expected of a deity. Just like a celebrity, even after their end, they would still have many die-hard fans. These three goddesses, even after their shrines were destroyed, still worked to help and bless their die-hard fans’ descendants. A family with such blessing must be a powerful clan… the kind that lasted for generations, even if they had to do it secretly. “The abnormality appearing at the shrines, do miss goddesses know how it happened?”

The three goddesses shook their heads.

Little Ye Tian explained what she learned from the documents. The three goddesses all frowned. Anya raised her brows, “I knew it was was the doing of that damnable Sachina sect...”

Little Ye Tian vaguely understood. It was a large sect in the wastelands who worshipped the goddess Sachina, a cruel, cunning, and ruthless goddess. With the three nature shrines destroyed, and their believers mostly killed, the wasteland to the north was no longer held back. Along with the continuous warring between the Planetary Empire and the Steel Empire, they were too busy to pay attention to it… Black Rock City also mostly ignored Black Peaks. None of the associations wanted to deal with this mess. The originally prosperous ravine had become the present Ravine of Death...

“We’ll eventually have our revenge, but not now...” Mallow smiled coldly.

Ye Cang was still thinking of how to spread propaganda and be more competitive. He took a deep breath and entered his ‘decide in one second’ mode. He crossed his arms and looked up in thought for one second, then immediately thought of something. He came up to the three goddesses. “Miss goddesses, stand a bit closer to together...”

The three goddesses stood together confused. Ye Cang had Anya pull her clothes down to reveal nearly half her mounds then hold Mallow’s waist. He then had Jam spank Anya’s bottom while pressing her chest against Anya’s wonderfully exposed back. He did his best to have the three goddesses expose a little more skin. As for the three goddesses anger, Ye Cang sighed and with a straight face, explained to them that the modern day male believers all liked this sort of thing. He spouted some bullshit about the exposed flesh marketing technique! He began to trick them with a deadpan expression. Something about in order to keep up with the times, it had to be done. Something about it being all for the shrine. He swore to the heaven and the earth. He was supported by the specialist - Lin Le, who agreed with Ye Cang innocently. He looked at Ye Cang as if seeing an expert. The three goddesses were convinced to the point they nodded to Ye Cang and even apologized. Then, Ye Cang had Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and SpyingBlade, these three people who had learned art, begin to draw (for the NPCs). Ye Cang himself acted like a photographer, taking pictures of their various poses with his virtual camera (for the players).

OldWangFromNextDoor and Zhang ZhengXiong stared with mouths agape as Ye Cang, with a straight face, had Anya reveal part of her F cups and said with a professional voice, “Push your breasts together like this, then face me and give a lovely smile… perfect! Very good!”

Ye Cang sketched the photograph and showed her, “How is it?”

The feverish Anya nodded shyly. On the contrary, it was Ye Cang who frowned, unsatisfied, and shouted, “This won’t do! Again! You need to let yourself go a bit more, got it!? Display your wild side! You’re not a little kitten! Once more!”

“This time reveal your breasts till here. Then when you smile at me, show your signature wildness...” Ye Cang once again demonstrated personally. His expression was extremely serious and professional. Anya’s brain was having trouble processing it all. She just followed Ye Cang’s words and displayed them once again.

“Not bad...” Ye Cang turned the picture into a drawing and showed her again. Anya was also satisfied. She looked really attractive.

“With such a beautiful advertisement, is there any need to worry about believers!?” Ye Cang caressed his work of art and said seriously. He smiled as if he treated his work like his own child, which made Anya blush and nod. The other two goddesses were unable to hold back. They both requested their own posters.

Wu Na didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. That guy, no matter what wicked deed he was doing, he would give off a deadly earnest appearance. If she wasn’t familiar with him, she might really think he was a good guy.
