---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 417"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, MudNinja, BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 417: Goddess Association**

“I feel like miss Goddess Jam should have a makeover, a hip new style...” Ye Cang’s die-hard daughter, Litte Ye Tian, proposed.

“Now that you mention it...” Ye Cang grabbed at Jam’s straight hair examined it very professionally. “Come out with me, Goddess Jam...”

Ye Cang brought Goddess Jam and his ‘professional’ portrait team outside the shrine. Using the destroyed shrine as background, he took out his barber set. He gave Jam a free, european style. Immediately, Jam’s already peerless pure beauty doubled. He then had her change into a green, nature themed long dress, and made a garland to place on her head.

Ye Cang motioned for Jam to stand at the edge of a ruined stage with the sunset on one side. She bowed her head and looked at the ruins and withered field. “Don’t be stupid. Show a hint of sadness! You’re the flower goddess. When you see this broken scene, your home destroyed, your flowers withered, don’t you feel sad!?”

Jam quickly showed an emotional expression, which was extremely moving. Ye Cang instantly took a picture, and sketched it. “Perfect...”

“Indeed, beautiful...” Mallows and Anya were also staring in awe. That setting, that expression, that perfect instant.

Jam was extremely satisfied. Ye Cang then had her lie down on a broken stone windowsill. He had her put her weight on her arms, then he lifted her long dress up to her thigh, showing her long white legs. He then pulled her plant-made shoulder strap down to her elbow, showing the perfect amount of breasts to be enticing. “Show an ecstatic expression. On the count of three, bite your lip and moan like iyaaan~~” 

“Iyaaan~~” Jam’s erotic and charming appearance was like an angel and a devil compared to the last one. OldWangFromNextDoor had to go offline to put out a fire. Fang Ci was embarrassed and had to stick his butt out a bit...

FrozenCloud wiped her cold sweat and continued to draw. *Team Leader is too brave. At this rate, we’ll be releasing a photobook of the three goddesses.*

Finally, Ye Cang also styled the other two goddesses. From wild to charming, from as righteous and awe-inspiring to pure as ice. He even had the three goddesses together, teasing each other. He created an entire set of pictures. There were even some class-targeted advertisements with them holding a bow, a staff, and chakrams. They would be used to attract newbies in Really New Village who were planning to choose an association. In everyone’s eyes, the three goddesses were basically violated by Ye Cang.

OldWangFromNextDoor logged back on. Fang Ci, Zhang ZhengXiong, FrozenCloud, and Wu Na all looked at him with disdain. “Pervert + Quick shooter...”

“I didn’t go offline to...” OldWangFromNextDoor didn’t even get to speak before he was stopped by everyone’s sharp glares.

“Alright, the propaganda photobook is done. We can go back to Black Rock City now. Goddesses, leave the rest to us...” Ye Cang displayed a dutiful expression and said seriously. He handed one of the photobooks to the three goddesses who had very happily let him mess with them. 

“It’s up to you, white haired warrior. Due to my shrine being destroyed, my remaining godly power isn’t much, but you’re a ranger, so imparting a skill to you is still possible...” Anya said gratefully.

“Congratulations, you’ve received Anya’s teachings and learned Anya’s Berserk Shot.” 

Anya’s Berserk Shot (Anya’s Hunter Class Series Shooting Technique - Beginner Level - Epic):

Instantly lock on-to 20 targets in sight. Within two seconds, release a rapid bombardment of arrows, one at each target. Every arrow deals 95% damage and can trigger weapon effects. 

Cost: 30 energy. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Afterwards, the three goddesses left satisfied.

Ye Cang turned and saw Zhang ZhengXiong, OldWangFromNextDoor, SpyingBlade, and even Wu Na giving him a thumbs up. “Awesome!”

“Whatever you do, you must be professional… Hah...” Ye Cang put on his wolf-head hood and sighed. “Let’s go, back to Black Rock City...”

Wu Na, FrozenCloud, SpyingBlade and the others rolled their eyes. He was a guy who never forgets to show off...

Ye Cang and the others returned to Black Rock City. Little Ye Tian gave some of their gold to granny Rica, and arranged the plans to rebuild the three shrines. She also negotiated with ThornyRose.

ThornyRose hung up Little Ye Tian’s call and smiled bitterly. “Those guys, they probably received an epic main storyline quest. It’s related to rebuilding the three nature goddesses shrines and clearing the Ravine of Death.”

“As expected of your fiance...” FrozenBlood slowly nodded and said. ThornyRose almost tripped. *Would it kill you to not mention it!?*

Ye Cang went to the city’s administration center and bought a building. He hung up a sign with the words ‘Goddess Association’. By the doorway, he placed a few awe-inspiring photos. Beside them were introductions of the three goddesses. As for the more explicit ones, they were temporarily not made public. Those were benefits for the core members. He then posted a crusade recruitment notice. “The three nature Goddesses have recovered and are recruiting heroes. Let’s join hands and help the goddesses return to their former glory. Complete an epic quest! All classes welcome! Rewards are waiting for you! What are you waiting for!?”

The passersby all came to have a look. When they saw the three extremely beautiful goddesses, they began to discuss passionately.

“Oh no! I’ve fallen for Goddess Jam!”

“Goddess Anya is true love!”

“Beat it! Goddess Mallows is clearly the best!”

“The association is led by Really New Village’s Brother Hero! What are we waiting for!? Brother Hero! I’m in! Hurry and add me to the association!” Fang Ci pretended to be a stranger and came to the door. He looked at the amazing crowd and pointed at Ye Cang, who slowly walked out of the building.

“Well said, well said! This time, I’ve been entrusted by the three Goddesses to help them rebuild the shrines, recruit believers, and clear up the Ravine of Death. Originally, I wasn’t planning to share this assignment, but everyone knows that I’m fair. I won’t refuse anyone who wishes to join!” Ye Cang took off his wolf-head hood and his two eyes focused as he made his speech.

“Brother PaleSnow, save me a spot. For the quest...” NalanPureSoul’s voice came from the crowd. Everyone opened up a path. 

“There is definitely a spot saved for Brother PureSoul...” Ye Cang smiled. They stared at each for a long time, a strange atmosphere between them.

“So it turns out there is something going on with Brother Hero and the Temptress. Tsk tsk, if Fighting King finds out, he’ll be devastated...”

“Another story of stealing love, full of resentment and betrayal... Hah...”

“Such a big event and you didn’t invite me? Brother Hero… not very sincere of you...” LordAsked came over and grinned.

“Bro, it’s not like he and you are close...” LordGrinned (Ji Xiao) replied.

Slap! LordAsked’s palm smacked the back of his head. “Shut up!”

“Who’s that...” Ye Cang showed that he didn’t recognize him. Fang Ci quietly whispered to him. “LordAsked of the four heavenly kings. The Leader of Black Rock City’s most influential guild, Lord’s Reign...”

“So it’s brother Asked. Alright, alright, this little brother was thoughtless...” Ye Cang calmly smiled.

ThornyRose rushed over and saw that LordAsked and NalanPureSoul had already arrived. The three of them confronted each other and smiled, “Let’s go in and discuss. As for these friends on the street, our Thorns and Roses will receive you all...”
