---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 418"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 418: Negotiation**

At a big round table, Black Rock City’s most influential groups were practically all there. The atmosphere was really heavy.

“I, LordAsked, won’t bull you all! 30%!” LordAsked straightforwardly said. 

“10%, the extra reward for completing the quest is enough. I’m not lacking manpower. You should know that I’m currently the quest giver, who gets the quest is dependent on my mood. Brother Asked, you best be clear on this point. Don’t let my words offend you...” Ye Cang faintly smiled.

ThornyRose raised her brows. The air was thick with the smell of gunpowder. She turned and looked at Flame Dragon Union’s and Mad War’s Black Rock City representatives. They were basically just here to stir things up. With LordAsked and NalanPureSoul present, they didn’t amount to much. At best they could mess with the mood...

LordAsked’s eyebrows faintly rose then relaxed. “10%? Brother Hero, could it be that you’re looking down on Lord’s Reign...”

“So what if we are?” Zhang ZhengXiong stood up, in a bad mood.

Ye Cang reached out and held him back, then apologized, “My little brother takes after me, he speaks bluntly. Haha, Brother Asked, don’t mind...”

Lin Le had a hand on the hilt of the giant blade. He gave off an aura as if he would attack if anything displeased him...

LordAsked frowned. *These mad dogs. Humph, although distribution is important, but most important is the quest reward. Besides, he’s right. Right now, they are basically quest NPCs. That medal, if I’m not wrong, is for viscounts. He’s already a viscount in such a short amount of time? What feats did they accomplish? The system hasn’t even started any wars yet...*

NalanPureSoul smiled gracefully. “Brother Asked, we’ve already accepted the 10% proposal. Now most important is clearing up the Ravine of Death and opening a path to the north, right?”

“Then let’s go with Brother Heros suggestion.” LordAsked agreed in the end. He turned towards the Flame Dragon and Mad War representatives, and decided to find some time to deal with these extras. Then naturally, his share would increase. NalanPureSoul was thinking the same. Learning from Ye Cang, he made good-willed smiles at the two representatives. The two representatives had their breath taken away by that stunning smile.

“Alright, then it’s agreed.” Ye Cang reached his hand out to LordAsked. The two of them faced each other, one with a proud sneer, the other an indifferent smile. They contrasted like fire and water. LordAsked turned to leave. As he left, he glanced at Zhang ZhengXiong and faintly smiled, “Interesting...”

“Bro, it was him on the train...” LordGrinned didn’t even finish speaking. LordAsked’s chest tightened. *Damn kid! Would it kill you not to ruin this old man’s mood!?* He furiously chopped at the back of his head. “Have you not embarrassed yourself enough!”
 
“He’s also one of the knights under Little Mar, and a highly regarded one at that...” Little Ye Tian indifferently said.

Ye Cang recalled Little Mar’s dream of being the pope. Perhaps that guy would be a pretty good assistant. Black Rock City was their base, so they had to avoid internal strife as much as possible. Of course, if he could get rid of a few rivals, he could have a bigger share. Ye Cang also nodded at the Flame Dragon Union and Mad War branch representatives with a good-willed smile. The two of them nodded back at him and left.

“Those two guys are?” Ye Cang didn’t recognize them at all. He only knew they were Flame Dragon Union and Mad War’s branch representatives.

“BlackWind and LeftEar. Core members, they are both substitutes in the clubs. Their strengths are alright...” ThornyRose quietly said.

“Whatever...” Ye Cang looked towards the large number of people who were asking about the three goddesses. Some were even asking about their star-sign and blood-type… and when they would descend.

In the eyes of the Happy Firmaments team, the three goddesses were like puppets, while Ye Cang was like a demon king, reaching his claws out of the darkness and toying with them. Well, it was not surprising, it had been a thousand years and their IQ… It’s not that their IQ was low, but Team Leader was too formidable. FrozenCloud looked at ThornyRose who had to deal with it all, and immediately shivered. *Good thing I’m only a minion… Sister Rose is too pitiful.* 
ThornyRose turned and looked at FrozenCloud and sighed. *Lil’Dino… Hah, too pitiful...*

Everyone returned to their own associations. Ye Cang just sighed and looked at his adventurer association’s front gate. He was about to become the boss of an association, so it would be better to leave this one. The moment he walked in, Linda and the old folks pulled him into a secret room.

“You’ve really answered the call of the three nature goddesses!?” Linda’s trembling set off waves.

“Yeah. I’ve come to retire from the association. I’ve received the goddesses hopes and will be establishing one...” Ye Cang looked at everyone and calmly said.

Ye Cang realised that the room was unusually quiet. Everyone was contemplating something. Linda took a deep breath, then looked at the old folks. “Apologies, my Ars family has followed Anya for generations. My ancestors taught that some day in the future, goddess Anya would return. As the later generation that has received her protection, I must heed her call...”

“Haha, we’re all old, but Linda, you’re different. You’re a pure-breed elf, you won’t age. I’ll cherish the memories of us making our way in the Plantery Empire...” Granny Ivy hugged Linda with tears in her eyes.

“If possible, I want to be like you all. A long life doesn’t always bring happiness...” Linda said tearfully.

Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat. *So it turns out you and they were from the same generation. No wonder. Those weapons of yours were formed by absorbing the essence of time.* “Cough cough, you mean...”

“I’ll be joining your association, president...” Linda smiled helplessly.

“Even though you’re in the something goddess association, you don’t have to leave the adventurer’s association...” Granny Ivy looked at Ye Cang and said. She turned to Linda, “If you need anything from us, just tell us. Not many in Black Rock City dare to provoke us...”

“Humph. I, Bale, might be old, but my axe is still sharp...” A 130cm tall old man clamored. Ye Cang watched as the elders tearfully bade farewell to Linda, and his heart warmed. Friends, comrades, brothers, and sisters for a lifetime. He walked in front of her and asked, “Do you regret that your race is so long lived?”

Linda only said, “Happiness never lasts forever, but pain will follow you to death...”

Ye Cang watched as she tightened her grip on her longbow, which was clearly sized for a man, and sighed. *War? No matter where, war is always the greatest sin. The bodies of the innocent can pile into mountains. They suffer even more than those involved. Humans, artificial humans, mutated humans, will this war ever end?*

Ye Cang let Linda be the vice president of the Goddess Association, in charge of Black Rock City. She would deal with all matters inside the city. With Linda joining, when the passersby saw her killer body, they immediately went wild trying to join the goddess association. ThornyRose shivered. How much did these people rely on their lower bodies to think!? Then she had a flash of insight. Such a large amount of funds was right before her eyes! She began to sell membership cards and collect admission fees.

Ye Cang just returned to the grocery store to rest when he received Little Ye Tian’s message. Little Mar wanted to meet them? He came to Little Mar’s hall in the church, confused, and found him drinking. “Isn’t it prohibited?”

“It’s just on the surface. Archbishop Vivian is a famous female drunkard. If it was enforced, wouldn’t that be asking for her life...” Little Mar smiled.
