---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 419"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Blaze, BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 419: Archbishop Magi

Ye Cang faintly smiled. He looked towards the sound that had emerged from the absolutely noiseless corner. If he hadn't seen it for himself, he wouldn’t have been able to sense that presence. It was Archbishop Magi herself.

Ye Cang continued smiling, “For real? Archbishop Magi doesn’t seem like a drunk… she’s so just and strict!”

“That’s because you’ve never stayed at the church. This is a 60 year old bottle of spirit wine. If I hadn’t hid it well, it would have long been snatched away by her. I was once as naive as you...” Mar Junior pouted and poured himself another cup, then offered one to Ye Cang. “Sit down and drink with me...”

“I won’t allow you to slander the great Archbishop Magi in front of me! Stop talking nonsense or I’ll get mad!!” Ye Cang unexpectedly shouted out righteously, which made Mar Junior extremely speechless. *What kind of mental illness has that white hair contracted?* He suddenly felt a shiver up his spine. *Could it be!? Dammit!*

“Tsk tsk, if I hadn’t heard that my daughter’s hero had come to the church, I would have never known that you stinking brat saw me this way...” Mar Junior heard Archbishop Magi behind him. His back was immediately covered in cold sweat. He looked at Ye Cang and his heart tightened. *Son of a b\*tch! Why didn’t you tell me she was there! You actually hit me while I was down and used me to test the waters!* He quickly turned, “I knew Lord Bishop would come, so I’ve prepared some good wine for you and Brother PaleSnow to enjoy. Those words just now were merely a joke. Lord Magi’s ability to handle alcohol is the best in the church!”

“You honorable looking, crafty brat.” Archbishop Magi couldn’t help smiling as she sat down and saw the 60 year old spirit wine. “However, you brats really know how to live it up. This is good stuff. I only get to drink a few bottles a year myself. Next time...”

“I’ll be sure to hand it over to you. No, no, hand it over to the church!” Mar Junior offered her the gift like a knight. 

Archbishop Magi nodded satisfied. “May the light be with you...”

“......” Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat. Was the church made up of hoodlums and ruffians?

“Cross, sit...” Archbishop Magi smiled.

“I hear you’ve been restoring the three nature goddesses’ shrines?” Mar Junior skipped the courtesies. Afterall, with the bishop beside him, it wasn’t proper to talk like friends.

“Mm. I explored three ruins in the Black Peaks, and accepted the three goddesses’ request. I’ve established the Goddess Association and am preparing to clear out the Ravine of Death. I’m also planning to restore the roads to their former prosperous state, but I’m not sure what the wasteland is like now...” Ye Cang wasn’t worried that their beliefs were different. He learned from Little Ye Tian that the nature Goddess and the God of light were siblings, so accordingly, the nature Goddesses’ three daughters were the God of light’s nieces. Though they wouldn’t be eliminated, they also wouldn’t receive any aid. At most, they could make some friendly connections. 

“The old folks at the adventurers association specially came to me to request that I not make things difficult for you, because the Greedy Wolf has joined you...” Magi smiled.

“You mean that one who, by herself, intercepted the steel empire’s general Mala and his thousands of cavalry. The adventurer who, one year ago, annihilated her enemies to take revenge for her husband? That Greedy Wolf?” Mar Junior was startled.

“Her husband was a high-ranking officer in the Planetary Empire’s vanguard - Haluns. He died in order to save Black River Village, which was at the frontier. After his death, Mala beheaded him and put him on display...” Magi knew about that part of history.

“After the elves migrated, nearly none were left in the north. She was a female slave who was sold in White Stone City. She was saved by Haluns. It was like a fairytale, however, there wasn’t a good ending…” Mar Junior supplemented. Ye Cang sighed. Now he knew Linda’s history...

“The lifespan of elves and humans already differ by many times. The two of them would eventually be...” Magi shook her head.

However, Ye Cang smiled and interrupted, “True love doesn’t care about time. Even an instant can become eternal, while a moment of suffering can last forever...”

The two looked at Ye Cang, astonished. They didn’t question him, however.

Ye Cang knew that he had still not gotten over it. He felt a bit of self-ridicule, but everyone had their own ambitions. Some people for authority, some for profit, some for sex, but he could never escape from that one word, ‘love’. Although not born together, but he hoped to die together. However, that ‘love’ was now impossible...

Magi looked at Ye Cang and raised her brows. *That kid is such an emotional person? The man Gina picked indeed has his merits...*

Ye Cang shook his head. “Right, I recently came across a lot of withered ash. Mar, do you need any?”

“Withered ash!? How much?!” Mar didn’t even have time to be amazed before Magi showed interest.

“Two warehouses full. I was planning to sell it for money...” Ye Cang muttered.

Mar knew it was that warehouse. *They actually managed to fill two of those big warehouses!? That is practically 10,000 withered shades! This kid’s luck sure is good.* Withered ash was useful for both the light and the dark type associations. For the church, it can be used to increase dark resistance and improve the fighting strength of shadow priests and the dark judges. It was a tier 3 strategic goods! Archbishop Magi was tempted, so he remained silent...

“Price wise, although we’ll purchase at a slightly lower price, but… your honorary knight title, I can promote it for you. I’ll personally recommend you for honorary knight captain...” Magi’s words amazed Mar Junior. The honorary knight captain post wasn’t low! It had real authority! They could apply for deployment! He thought of Gina and felt relieved. Was this the mother-in-law looking out for her future son-in-law?

Ye Cang didn’t feel much when he heard he would be a be an honorary knight captain. He didn’t really know what that meant, but since the Archbishop wanted it, he would give them to her. Selling them a little cheaper wasn’t a big deal. After all, they still had to spend a long time in Black Rock City, and they needed to help Mar Junior rise the ranks. “Thank you Archbishop Magi...”

“Then what about this type of withered ash?” Ye Cang took out some of Rabbi’s withered ash.

“Tier 2 goods, these can be sold for a good price. It’s worth its weight in gold...” Mar Junior examined a bit of it and said.

“If you agree, you can sell that to me too, at twice the market price...” Archbishop Magi said.

Ye Cang nodded hesitantly. Then he felt something was wrong! Twice the market price? “Twice?”

“Mm...” Archbishop Magi nodded.

Mar Junior narrowed his eyes. This stuff was very rare, and was in high demand! Goods that only head priests and above would be allocated a bit of. It was impossible to buy it at the so called ‘market price’! If Archbishop Magi decided to resell it in another city, she would make many times profit. She was not making a loss, but rather a huge gain. The earlier withered ashe too...
