---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 420"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "ColdLove"
editor: "openbookworm, Baroncrux, skizlock"
comments: true
---
 
TN: syzc here. ColdLove translated the chapter, but I’ve decided to poke my head in and change Aily/Airy’s name to Allie. For those who don’t remember, she is the big sister of Mary, the little girl whose ring Ye Cang found. Also changing Mary to Marie so they can have matching ie endings xD

---

### Chapter 420: Giant Owl No.2

Ye Cang earned 3,321 gold coins after selling the withered ashes and keeping some for personal use. For everyone at this stage of the game, 3,321 gold coins was quite an astronomical figure. Even though the big guilds were continuously buying gold from the black market, they could at most make tens of gold coins per day. However, the expenditure for  constructing the shrine would also be very large...

Gina stood at the gates of the Church as she waved Ye Cang goodbye. Her face was filled with an expression of unwillingness and embarrassment, which confused Ye Cang. He shook his head and decided to visit Allie. When he reached her place, he saw Little Jessie and Little Marie playing in the courtyard. Instantly, he broke out in a cold sweat. *Don't tell me that Little Marie is Little Jessie’s girlfriend.* Thinking up to this point, he saw Little Marie kiss Little Jessie on the lips. *Of course…*  

When Little Marie saw Ye Cang, she brought Little Jessie to welcome him. Little Jessie looked at Ye Cang dubiously. *How did white haired brother know I am here?* As he saw how Allie and Ye Cang were conversing familiarly with each other, he thought, *Their relationship will be even better in the future.*  

“It's been awhile since I've visited, let me cook you guys a little something...” Ye Cang stood up and walked towards the kitchen. Little Marie and Little Jessie were stunned, while Allie immediately held Ye Cang down “Its okay. I'll do it.”  

“It's alright, it's alright, don't be shy. Just leave it to me,” Ye Cang once again smiled and turned towards the kitchen. Allie’s smile instantly froze and she said in a cold tone, “Sit down…”  
  
Ye Cang immediately sat down. *This woman is so weird; normally she is quite friendly, it's just that she's too selfish when it comes to the kitchen. It's like her secret garden. She should share it with everyone. Come to think of it, people who are quite skillful at cooking will have a desire to protect their 'territory’. This explains why she's so selfish.*

In the kitchen, Allie sighed. If she let him near the kitchen tools, even a person with multiple lives would not be able to survive. *Where does his confidence come from? To be able to mention cooking again...*

Ye Cang regretfully patted Little Jessie and Little Marie’s foreheads. “Because of Allie, you guys are missing my delicious cuisine. If you want to blame someone, blame her for being so territorial, rejecting other highly skilled chefs from entering her kitchen...”

“...” The both of them felt a bit ashamed. *It's just you...* 

After joking around, Ye Cang brought Little Jessie back to the general shop. The shelves were filled with various superior and masterwork equipment; moreover, several groups of people were patronising his shop. Oh right, there was still one gold quality weapon that needed to be dealt with. It might be difficult to sell it via the shop. After a short while, he contacted Thorny Rose and gave her the weapon. “Help me sell it.”

After finishing his sentence, Ye Cang headed towards Black Rock City's high-end auction house, leaving behind ThornyRose who was smiling bitterly. *Is that guy going to the high-end auction house? Only people with titles can enter. A Viscount is already good enough. I bet there must be something good on auction, but its price will be quite exorbitant. Not that I can go in.*

Once again, Ye Cang arrived at the high-end auction house. The guards took a look at his Viscount badge and did not obstruct his entry. 

After entering the auction house, Ye Cang chose a seat and began to observe the auction. The item currently being bid on was an antique. After much bidding, the final price came to 300 gold. This amount of money caused the audience to sigh, as all these luxuries were simply worth too much. The next item was a pair of firearms. The pair of guns had silver barrels with a length of 30cm. There were also several flowing lines on each barrel. One of the guns was bigger which only caused it to be even more attractive. Ye Cang rubbed his eyes. Was this really a dark gold firearm? So high-end!

“These are imported goods, the newest magic crystal equipment manufactured by Farsarqi Harbor City. The luxurious Giant Owl No.2, its starting price is 50 gold.” Ye Cang stroked his chin and thought, *The starting price for this dark gold equipment is so cheap. This is all due to the natives and the residents’ different values.* “50 gold!”

Ye Cang happily got the equipment when the price reached 100 gold, as everyone gave up due to the high price. The audience didn’t really prefer weaponry unless it was very special. Normally, the intense bidding would be on several luxury goods and rare resources.

Giant Owl No.2 - Left (Dark Gold, Magic Crystal Equipment)

Category: Medium-sized Handgun 

Requirements: 100 Strength, 65 Agility

Damage: 31 - 32

+15 Strength

+10 Agility

+25 Firing speed

+45 Range

+30 Armor Penetration

Converging Shot - Giant Owl No.2: Absorbs large amounts of magic crystal energy. After 3 seconds, a slightly stronger piercing shot will be fired, dealing 200% attack damage. For every target pierced by the same shot, damage will decrease by 15%. 

Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Magic Crystal equipment: To fire, a magic crystal energy source must be loaded.

Giant Owl No.2 - Right (Dark Gold, Magic Crystal Equipment)

Category: Large Caliber Handgun

Requirements: 107 Strength, 56 Agility

Attack: 33 - 34

+16 Strength

+9 Agility

+20 Firing speed

+55 Range

+35 Armor Penetration

Explosive Energy Bullet - Giant Owl No.2: Absorb large amounts of magic crystal energy. After 3 seconds, an unstable, explosive energy bomb will be fired, dealing 85 arcane damage in an area. 

Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Magic Crystal equipment: To fire, a magic crystal energy source must be loaded.

Wings Of The Giant Owl - Giant Owl No.2 (Dual Gun Effect): Madly absorbs magic crystal energy, activating rapid fire mode. The interval between subsequent shots is decreased by 90%, lasting for 6 seconds. This overload mode will consume excessive amounts of magic crystal energy. 

Cooldown: 1 hour.

Ye Cang gladly placed the guns at the sides of his waist. His equipment slots were now fully filled. The heavy bow and the spear were slung across his back, two guns at the sides of his waist, the drum and quiver at the back of his waist. In his bag was a ballista and in his shadow was a heavy crossbow. *Haha, who has more weapons than me now!*

The remaining items were all artwork, which caused Ye Cang to lose interest. He left the auction house straight away. Looking at the crowds outside the gates of the goddess association, ThornyRose sighed at Linda’s charm. Those people were crazy, especially those that were hunter and ranger classes. After learning that Linda was a class instructor, many of them cried to join the goddess association. She watched as Ye Cang raised up a large barreled handgun and fired into the sky. Instantly, the sky exploded into several brilliant energy light rays. At this moment, the crowd quietened down and created a path for him. What made people break out in a cold sweat was that Ye Cang even blew at the mouth of the gun and performed a fancy twirl before equipping it back at his waist.

ThornyRose laughed bitterly. *The high-end auction house even has this kind of imported goods on sale. I can use him to help me buy any affordable equipment; after all, the values of the residents and that of the players differ. Maybe their equipment is not as expensive as our’s.*

“\*\*\*\*! Brother hero is already using guns! We are still using poor quality bows!”

“Stupid idiot! In this game, the bow has its own advantages, so does the gun.”

“So do you want a gun or a bow…”

“Tsk, the bow is too troublesome. Though the gun is less accurate, aiming and calculating the trajectory of a bullet is more suitable for us ordinary ranged players. However, Black Rock City doesn’t manufacture firearms. There are still some religious cultures here that oppose the use of magic crystals.”

“Then how did Brother Hero get one?”

 “Look carefully, that is Brother Hero, leader of the 3 Brothers, Director of Black Rock City's Goddess Association...”
