---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 421"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "ColdLove, openbookworm, Baroncrux, skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 421: Association Instructors**

ThornyRose saw that Ye Cang was armed to the teeth, looking like a damned wealthy person. It was too extravagant! Who in their right mind would equip so many weapons! Most rangers would equip one extra, but this guy’s ranger class seemed to have talents that allowed him to equip even more...

“Greetings Brother Hero!” The crowds outside the association shouted.

Ye Cang raised his hand, “Please maintain order, there is room for everybody. The three nature Goddesses do not discriminate; no matter your race, no matter your strength, as long as you have faith, then you can join the Goddess Association. The shrines are currently undergoing reconstruction. They are at the Black Peaks. There is also an event to let everyone level up more easily. You should also know that the Goddesses can teach many hidden class skills.” With a wave of his hand, Ye Cang used his dual guns to lock onto 20 targets. Bang bang bang, streams of light shot out, weaving beautifully between the crowds. Many players felt an energy bullet pass right by their ear… This was a skill!? It could lock on to so many targets in an instant!?

“This is one of Goddess Anya’s class skills. Work hard, Goddess believers… There will be a special surprise~~” Ye Cang blew on his two guns and pushed back his hood with the muzzle, showing all the men a ‘you know it’ expression.

“Surprise please!!” The men began to bow like a wave.

Ye Cang sighed, then nodded to Fang Ci. Fang Ci pulled aside the curtains. A portrait of Anya propping up her chest, looking exceptionally sexy, was revealed. Everyone immediately hunched over. Then they began to kneel. “We pledge our lives to the Goddess!”

“Very good...” Ye Cang signalled again. Fang Ci stored the picture away.

ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang with a strange expression. *What in the world did you do to those three Goddesses. You even have this kind of portrait that can almost be considered vulgar...*

FrozenCloud just sighed. *Those three Goddesses were definitely broken by Team Leader… they’re actually happier the more he messes with them...*

Really New Village’s Three Brothers’ fame shot up, becoming Black Rock City’s symbolic figures. Their popularity was already no less than that of the four heavenly kings.

Lin Le completed the business task his president assigned him, supplying some withered ash, and was now one of the four leaders of the armed merchant association. He faintly raised his brows, sensing someone following him. He suddenly turned with his hand on his sword hilt. Hundreds of people recoiled. Lin Le pouted, who were these people? Having no idea, he continued to walk. The people behind him followed as before. Lin Le once again turned. Everyone once again backed up… Following which, Lin Le, like a manly hero, began to punch and kick! When he learned that everyone wanted to join the Goddess association, he said, “Go sign up. Just tell them that I, Brother Le, allowed it...”

“Thank you, brother Le is truly gracious!!” All the fans went to sign up. In a few short days, the Goddess Association’s member count rose sharply. Out of the numerous associations in Black Rock City, they may not be among the top, but they were not low either. For a new association, it was already enough to make the other associations’ eyes drop. Even Linda began to look at Ye Cang strangely. Just what had he done to the Goddesses. She looked down at the photobook that Ye Cang had passed her. He told her to take good care of it, and without his permission, she couldn’t leak it...

After a period, an affable old man named Makarlo appeared. He claimed to be a plant mage. He had come from Cool Breeze City after receiving the Goddess’s call. His family worshipped Goddess Jam. Linda treated him very respectfully. She warned Ye Cang that this was a very frightening magister. By himself, he had the strength of an entire army. Ye Cang quickly promoted him to Vice-president, in charge of the association’s politics and reconstruction. After Makarlo began overseeing the association, even Magi rushed over to greet him...

“That old fellow’s magic power is too astonishing...” Magi left and told Mar Junior.

“Indeed, I can’t see through him at all. I’m afraid he’s a legion level magister...” Mar Junior nodded.

“Makarlo, I’ve never heard of him before… Such a powerful person, why has there not been any news about him in so many years...” Magi frowned, unable to understand.

Linda was also puzzled.

Towards these reactions, Makarlo raised his brows and stroked his grey beard that went past his waist. “Our family has stayed low-key for generations. We only enjoy researching plant magic and have always been waiting for Goddess Jam’s summon in order to revive plant magic...”

Linda, as an elf, had a natural reverence for plant mages, let alone a great magister level plant mage. This was beyond rare. They were more prevalent in ancient times, but now, even ordinary plant mages were as rare as phoenixes and unicorns.

Ye Cang faintly nodded. Now Jam’s class instructor had arrived, only Mallow’s was left. Just as he thought that, what appeared to be a female centaur trotted over under the stunned gazes of the surrounding people. In her hand was a green crystal pike. It was as if it was both her pike and her staff in one. Her lower body had four hoofs, while her upper body had two massive jugs covered only by leaves. She also had an extremely beautiful and alluring face. Her lower body was decorated by what appeared to be plum-blossoms. She looked at Ye Cang and inquired, “Excuse me… Are you the sage, Sir PaleSnow?”

The sage, Sir PaleSnow? ThornyRose and the others were all speechless. There was no such person!

“That’s right, I’m the sage PaleSnow...” Ye Cang was very pleased with that title. 

“I’m Maru Naya. I’ve received the great Goddess Mallow’s prophecy and rushed over to receive your orders. Please allow me to contribute to the revival of nature magic.” The half-deer, half-human beauty raised her pike and said earnestly.

“Such a powerful deer spirit. The power of nature in her is extremely pure...” Makarlo narrowed his eyes, nearly losing his voice in admiration.

“Good, good, let’s talk inside...” Ye Cang walked over and courteously pulled her over. Then he leapt onto her back and rode her with a smile.

“Ok, sage PaleSnow...” Maru Naya didn’t mind. Her hoofs trotted, bringing her up the stairs into the building.

Ye Cang had Little Ye Tian brainwash the three of them. She shared with them their goals, then ingrained in them their slogan, we definitely can’t let the Goddesses down!!

“I lived in the enchanted forest all year round, so I am not familiar with the outer world. As for how to recruit believers...” Maru Naya said worriedly.

“No problem, we’ll be in charge of recruitment. You’ll be in charge of representing Mallows as a class instructor. You’ll be unearthing the believers’ potential and guiding them...” Little Ye Tian replied. 

Maru Nana nodded and spoke with the nature goddess’s etiquette. “I’ll do my best. May Mallows be with you...”

“President, I have an idea. We can combine with the Adventurers Association, so that anyone in the Goddess Association can go there and receive missions. As long as we share the missions’ rewards, it is possible with some negotiations. Leave it to me...” Linda patted her chest, making waves in the calm sea. 

Makarlo squinted, staring into the marine crevice, his mouth faintly open. *This is a good association.* “I approve...” 

ThornyRose was at the doorway, speechless. *Old man, your eyes are about to fall in!* She turned and saw that Ye Cang was the same. He even leaned his head over. She facepalmed and sighed.
