---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 422"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, Baroncrux, skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 422: Clearing the Ravine of Death**

Of the three shrines, Ye Cang planned to first restore the one closest to Bal Village, Mallow’s shrine. The danger there was relatively lower, and required less work. Little Ye Tian proposed that they first construct the main temple, then go clear up the Ravine of Death. Under Ye Cang’s leadership, Little Ye Tian personally oversaw and directed the expensive construction masters that Rica had hire from Black Rock City. The goddess association members were all either helping with construction or leveling up in the dangerous Black Peaks...

Using a week of time, they managed to fix the main temple and the bridge. SpyingBlade stood guard by the Goddess’ statue in case someone tried to sneak over. As for the surrounding people, they could take a break as they waited for more work. The day before the completion of the temple, Ye Cang had deliberately gone to the goddess statue and called for her. It was just that his method of calling her was hard to accept. However, FrozenCloud and the others were used to it. Such a sexual thing had become a very ordinary matter due to Team Leader. Mallow’s avatar shyly descended. Ye Cang had her change into some impressive and dignified clothes, did her hair, and propped up her breasts. The clothes supported her chest and stuck tightly to her skin. Her two missiles looked like they would shootout at any moment, which made it hard to for others to look away.

Ye Cang warned her that when he brought people to make a pilgrimage, she should appear like this. Moreover, she had to be bold and dignified, as if she were not to be touched. They even rehearsed it...

The next day.

Ye Cang grandly led the association’s hungry men to the main temple. Light began to descend onto the throne. Mallow’s avatar slowly appeared. She sat on the throne, looking awe-inspiring. Her missiles made all the hungry men kneel...

Mallow slowly got up. “Maru Naya, from now on, you’re in control of this shrine. Instruct the believers. My believers, as long as you have faith in me, then you will obtain the purest nature energy...”

“Yes, great nature goddess Mallow!” Maru Naya saluted respectfully.

Everyone watched as Mallow’s whose green nature energy filled the entire shrine. A burst of pleasure filled their bodies and minds. It felt like they had been healed. Under the green light, Mallow appeared even more beautiful. Her missiles began to stir...

“I’m done for, this is too much...”

“I pledge my loyalty to Goddess Mallow!”

“Long live!”

Everyone was kneeling. The Thorns and Roses girls also kneeled with them, but their voices were lacking in strength, “Long live...”

“Very good, in order for you to clear Prosperity Hill quicker, receive my nature blessing!!” Mallow slowly gathered up the green energy, then poured it into everyone’s bodies.

“Congratulations, you’ve obtained Mallow’s Nature Blessing. +15% all attributes, +15% defence, +15% attack, recover 1% health every 15 seconds, recover 1% mana every 30 seconds, +50% nature and poison resistance, +15% will, lasts for 7 days.”

After the blessing, Mallow sat down, somewhat short of breath. In her exhaustion, her chest undulated greatly. Her missiles were only a button press away from taking off. “Believers, brave warriors, with the shrine just completed, my strength is still recovering. I can only help you this much...”

After speaking, she began to gradually disappear. In the emptiness, everyone heard a cute and bashful shout, “Ah! They popped out...”

All the hungry men continued to kneel, unable to get up. “Just one second! Then we would have been able to see the lift-off!! This is too much! Goddess Mallow!!”

“......” The Thorns and Roses women, LordAsked, NalanPureSoul, and the others all broke out in a cold sweat. What a group of idiots they had here.

LordAsked sighed. He turned and saw that LordGrinned was also kneeling and beating the ground in frustration. A chop struck, knocking him unconscious. *Always embarrassing this old man!*

ThornyRose and LordAsked watched the unaffiliated players all roar spontaneously. “It’s a crusade against the Ravine of Death! Protect the three goddesses! All evil that stands before our goddesses, we, the righteous goddess association, will trample it!”

Ye Cang nodded satisfactorily. This plan was inspired by what he learned from La HongYe’s class in the capital. “As a great strategist, I’m truly too amazing...”

FrozenCloud and Wu Na both shivered. There was some truth to his words. Normally he would come up with the crazy strategies, while Lele would fill in the ‘finishing touches’. They looked into the crowd where Lin Le was shouting. “You evil Ravine of Death, it’s all your fault that we didn’t get to see the missiles lift off! Lele will punish you! Trample it!” It sounded like there were 10,000 voices shouting with him… As expected of Happy Firmament’s king of bad ideas. 

Maru Naya, Linda, and Makarlo were on standby at the ravine entrance. In case something happened, the group would at least have somewhere to retreat to.

As they reached the ravine, Ye Cang signalled for everyone to stop. He called LordAsked over with a smile. “Brother Asked will now make a speech!”

LordAsked was speechless; however, he had already walked up. He slowly walked forwards a step, giving off the air of a tyrant. He coldly pulled out his longsword and pointed it towards the ravine. “Although this is a small step into the ravine of death, but it is a big leap towards the goddesses and rewards! For the three goddesses!!”

“For the three goddesses!!” Everyone shouted.

Ye Cang raised his brows and thought, *that guy is pretty quick witted, he grasped all the key points.* He then began preparing the cafeteria, so that the core group could buff up. LordAsked looked at the tens of pots that already had everyone in the canyon retching. “Brother PaleSnow, this is...”

“The core members should all get food buffs. This is my personal recipe, it’s not something that just anyone can eat...” Ye Cang said in a strange voice.

LordAsked endured the odor that nearly made him faint and checked out the food buff. It was pretty awesome! He had originally thought that Brother Diamond’s auras were already amazing enough; he never thought they would also have such a powerful food buff. However, that smell was many times worse than how Ji Xiao had described it. The surrounding crowd saw that before the great war even started, all the core guild and association members had already passed out from food-poisoning. The scene was accompanied by a burst of stench...

After buffing up, everyone entered the ravine. There were caves everywhere, some on steep cliffs, some going underground. Occasionally, they could see some giant insects appearing. As they entered the ravine, countless kagu bugs swarmed out. The battle started immediately. The archers and spellcaster began to bombard the field. LordAsked and NalanPureSoul quickly divided their troops, with a portion to take on the kagu bugs, and another to lead the cave exploration. Ye Cang also brought his little party and chose a sandy cave to explore. 

“Father, such a big nest definitely has a broodmother-like existence. Our target should be to annihilate the brood mother. With such a complicated underground network, every path should be able to lead us there...” Little Ye Tian said while analysing the surrounding bugs.
