---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 424"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 424: Sandworm Path

Although there were many bagu beetles, they weren’t enough to stop the players. At most, three or four people would need to work together against one. As for elites, a support player would be needed. The drop-rate of equipment was pretty good, thus, no one complained when many people died as the people behind them would fill in their spots. What made everyone extremely happy was that the goddess’s blessing didn’t disappear on death. They all formed teams and continued to kill their way through the Ravine of Death. The weaker ones would stay on the surface and fight kagu bugs. Their gains were also pretty good and they were having a relatively easier time...

Ye Cang and his team arrived at a fork in the road, and stopped.

Ye Cang turned to the left and saw an open cavern that looked like it would have a boss, so he slowly walked over. He examined the interior with his Eagle Eyes, and was puzzled by the fact that there was nothing inside. Entering the hundred or so meter wide cavern, he still hadn’t discovered any living creature. This made Ye Cang even more alert. “Everyone be careful, especially of the ground...”

SpyingBlade laid low and put his ear against the ground. A droning sound was getting closer and closer. He leapt to the side and cried out in alarm, “Disperse!!”

Everyone quickly began to scatter. They did their best to get far away from the spot. In a flash, the ground split open and an enormous earthworm like creature emerged. Its head had no eyes, but its mouth was horrifying, like a sucker that was coated in sharp teeth.

Ye Cang immediately identified it. In the moment he had jumped back, he’d already drawn his two guns and sent three shots. As he landed, he continued to move and shoot. His damage was extraordinary. Wu Na, Wang, and Fang Ci quickly found a relatively safer spot and prepared to output damage.

Sandworm (Boss - Abyss - Wasteland Worm): 

A creation of the God of Death, it can be found in the wastelands. One of the creatures most feared by travellers. It can appear and disappear unpredictably and without a trace. It will never rest until it is dead, and its attacks are extremely strong; however, this one is just a common sandworm. Sandworm meat is an excellent cooking ingredient. 

Zhang ZhengXiong charged over with a Barbaric Tackle. The worm boss swung its body like a whip.

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly jumped over it like he was jumping a skipping rope. Without slowing down, he crashed into it. Its body stopped. He was just about to attack, when the worm instantly retracted into the sandy soil.

“Careful, it’ll definitely lock onto someone...” SpyingBlade reminded the others while wandering around and sensing the movement underground. Wu Na activated her Frost Armour and began to walk around. Such a disgusting boss. The Ice Arrow that she had just cast had been wasted because it burrowed underground.

Little Ye Tian wanted to use calculations to figure out who it would attack. The most probable targets were her father, as well as Nana, and Brother Xiong. Those three had attacked it, though only Father and Brother Xiong had hit. Then… it was probably father...

Ye Cang crouched and put a hand on the ground. He faintly smiled. *So fast, it’s me?*

Everyone watched as the worm suddenly broke out of the ground. It’s enormous mouth instantly swallowed Ye Cang.

“Team Leader!!” FrozenCloud shouted. Zhang ZhengXiong wasn’t worried. *My bro isn’t so easy to hit.*

Just at that moment, an explosion of water could be heard from the bug’s mouth, followed by a cry of pain. A burst of water shot out of its giant mouth. As for Ye Cang, he was tens of meters away. His ballista was already ready with a Meteor Shot and his Shadow Weapon heavy crossbow was also summoned. The king and queen bee bolts immediately pierced it. A damage of over 500 floated up.. FrozenCloud smiled bitterly. If Team Leader’s crossbows hit a player, it would be an instant kill.

While the worm was temporarily unable to burrow into the ground; SpyingBlade, Lin Le, and Little Ren besieged it with various combos. The worm’s health, under the bombardment of these three powerful attackers, fell like a receding tide. Zhang ZhengXiong laughed. Fearless Charge! The moment the impact hit the worm, even Zhang ZhengXiong was dumbstruck. The terrifying force of the impact directly knocked over half the worm out of the ground, putting it into a long 4 second stun...

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly looked at the system records. He had activated the Super Speed effect of his ring, increasing his speed by 5 times. That passive was truly too awesome. SpyingBlade also guessed that it was that passive. It would probably cause many people to misunderstand. It was impossible to predict his movement speed. If he ever triggered Super Speed, he would arrive in an instant, just like that damn golden slime.

An Ice Spear pierced through it. Shadow Arrows bombarded it. Ice, blades, and projectiles flew. Ye Cang’s dual guns entered overdrive mode. Lin Le slashed like a berserker. Explosive Bullet, Holy Judgement, Armed Destruction; under such an indiscriminate slaughter, it was quickly killed.

“Players PaleSnow, HeavenShakingMight, HappyAndCheerful, SpyingBlade, Fang, NightSky, Nana, and OldWangFromNextDoor have successfully slain the Ravine of Death’s Sandworm!!”

Just two minutes after the players received this message, Lord’s Reign boss kill announcement was broadcasted.

“Bro, we were a few minutes slow...” LordGrinned spoke and got another smack on the head. 

LordAsked was in a bad mood. “I don’t need you to tell me! Go! Continue! F\*\*k, this boss is rich. It actually dropped dark gold equipment, and it’s a guaranteed drop. There’s news from that transvestite’s side, it appears they got a dark gold too...”

NalanPureSoul looted the boss that they had met and distributed the equipment. He looked to the depths, his beautiful eyes wandering in thought. *Ye Cang, the more I investigate him, the more blurred his identity seems. Just what is hiding behind that white figure.* He recalled a report of a white haired young man on a rainy day holding the broken corpse of a woman while weeping. *After she died… what exactly happened? It’s as if the him after that didn’t exist. Only some simple speculations… Such a difficult man.*

And at this moment, that difficult man was pressed to the ground by his teammates and was crawling forwards like a zombie. He wasn’t purified until Lin Le looted the corpse and took out the equipment. Then he got up while complaining and distributed the loot. There were two dark gold items, which left them amazed. The boss wasn’t that hard. It was easy compared to the marsh walker.

“It should be because this is an event. If you consider that there are so many people participating, it isn’t much...” SpyingBlade shook his head. Without the others participating and lending their aid, getting to a boss would be impossible.

“What about the two equipment?” Ye Cang posted the stats for the semi-transparent green oversized sword and the heavy shoulder guard. The oversized sword’s damage reached a massive 41 points. It had no active skill, but it had a passive with a certain percentage chance to deal extra damage, which was very practical. The heavy shoulder guard was a high strength equipment with a shoulder tackle active, which happened to be a piece of equipment that Lin Le needed to change. Moreover, he was the only one who could use it. Lin Le took off his set, then put on the prepared dark gold and gold equipment. The enormous bone sword was also put into the cart, and he equipped the new sword on his back. The skeletal set appearance was now replaced by a wild fighter-like appearance. His attributes increased by quite a bit, but losing the set effect was a bit unfortunate. With SpyingBlade’s suggestions, they didn’t plan to sell it off. The aura from the set effect would still be useful in many situations...
