---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 425"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 425: Gathering in the Broodmother’s Nest

The main fighting force followed the tunnels, gradually going downwards. The insects they met now were practically all elites. The surface was taken care of by the surrounding players who were fighting very happily. Especially the members of the goddess association. When they heard the news that Ye Cang’s group had taken down the first boss, their morale soared.

The next bosses that Ye Cang’s group met didn’t pose much of a threat. Lin Le continued to swap out his equipment, getting a mask, battle boots, and a belt. It was as if he had completely transformed, once again becoming the strongest melee damage dealer.

However, the first to reach the depths was not Ye Cang’s group, but LordAsked’s. They were currently fighting a giant broodmother. The dozen of them were fighting a bitter battle and couldn’t spare the time to talk. After all, the broodmother was an event boss. It continuously spawned elite insects. The next to arrive was NalanPureSoul’s group. Even with them helping, it was difficult to keep up with the spawns. The broodmother was protected by countless guards, such that not even a drop of water could get to it. They could only maintain the status quo for now...

“I don’t know when Brother PaleSnow will arrive. With just us, this place is still a bit difficult. If we had Brother Diamond’s auras, the pressure would decrease many times over...” NalanPureSoul said.

“Humph, it doesn’t matter whether they come or not. Go all out and clear these out, then kill the broodmother!” LordAsked said with disdain.

“So that’s how it is. A’Xiong, let’s sit by the entrance and watch...” Ye Cang arrived just in time to hear LordAsked’s words, and nodded approvingly. He sat by the cave entrance and began to drink magic spring water. Everyone began to file their nails or chat about clothes.

LordAsked’s heart tightened. *That brat is really untimely. How can I take back my words!?* He ground his teeth and shouted, “Go all out and attack!!!!”

“Brother Asked, so bold. Good luck!” Ye Cang began to dance and cheer together with Weak Sauce.

*That damn bastard!!* LordAsked gnashed his teeth as he glared at the dancing Ye Cang.

“Brother PaleSnow, stop kidding around. Hurry and help. This doesn’t only affect Lord’s Reign, but the three goddesses’ recovery...” NalanPureSoul mediated.

FrozenCloud and the others all shook their heads. *Team Leader doesn’t care. The three goddesses are just his toys. They are suffering terribly under his toying, getting touched everywhere and bullied, and are even extremely happy about it. They can’t be considered his superiors. Team Leader is basically their manager and pimp. He controls them firmly.*

“It’s fine. About the three goddesses’ recovery, if this time isn’t successful, then I can organize another one...” Ye Cang waved it off, not caring.

“......” NalanPureSoul and the others all looked pained.

“Brother PureSoul, hurry. In the final distribution, you can have a bit extra...” NalanPureSoul saw that even more elites were coming and shouted in a lovely voice.

“Brother Asked, what do you say...” Ye Cang made an embarrassed smile, and rubbed his head.

*F\*\*k, I’ll remember this!* He clenched his teeth, “Alright...”

“What! Brother PureSoul and Brother Asked are in danger! We’re such good teammates, how can we sit here and do nothing! Go!” Ye Cang immediately roared righteously.

FrozenCloud and the others all rolled their eyes. Team Leader’s nature was impossible to understand. They all joined the battle to clear up the elites... 

ThornyRose also arrived. Ye Cang looked at her and nodded. He put on a leader-like air and sighed, “You finally arrived? Come, you’re the only ones left...”

ThornyRose broke out in a cold sweat. *I’m the president! It will never be your turn!* Although she said that, in her mind, she still led her people to join the battle.

Ye Cang’s dual guns’ ranged firepower was extremely fierce. LordAsked couldn’t help raising a brow. *The strength of those guns are pretty good. At least dark gold quality! Just where did this guy get something so good!?* His longsword sliced at a group while the shield in his other hand rose to block a spurt of acid.

ThornyRose saw LordAsked’s paladin playstyle. *He’s a shield knight. Does that guy want to be a tank? However, his playstyle really suits it.* Whether it was tank, damage, or large swords, he was a peak expert at all of them. She was only surprised that he was a tank because he had never leveled one before...

Ye Cang activated his Giant Owl No.2’s overdrive mode, and began to shoot a hail of bullets. Lin Le did not hold back as he turned the battlefield into the familiar sea of flames. Zhang ZhengXiong was prepared to go for the boss at any time. He faced the front and stored up power, waiting for his chance. SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, NalanMoon, and LordGrinned took out the bugs that got through the sea of fire.

*Is this the trump card that allowed them to get here? An Alchemical product, a molotov-like item. That burn damage is fairly impressive and the bugs here are mostly weak to fire-type damage, so it has a restraining effect!* LordAsked turned and saw that Zhang ZhengXiong was simply clearing up the ones that slipped through. *Waiting for the boss?* He turned and looked at the so called Mad Devil Le. *He changed all his equipment! He had been wearing a set ever since Really New Village. In order for it to be better than a set, then he must be wearing at least a full outfit of gold quality equipment! They developed so fast, but I won’t fall behind...* In a few steps, he arrived beside Zhang ZhengXiong. “You can be my assistant. I’ll take this boss… newbie...”

Zhang ZhengXiong frowned. He turned towards LordAsked. “Your joke isn’t funny at all. It should be you assisting me, kid...”

“You should speak more respectfully to your elders, brat. Has your boss never taught you manners?” LordAsked smiled. *This guy is interesting!*

“Beside my bro and my teacher, no one else deserves my respect. What status do you have!?” Zhang ZhengXiong turned towards him and sneered, his gaze full of provocation.

“Haha, such an interesting newbie! What status do I have!? I’ll teach you how to be respectful to your elders...” LordAsked also turned. The two of them approached each other, eyes locked on each other.

“Then show me how you intend to teach me, senior LordAsked...” Zhang ZhengXiong’s violent aura erupted. He looked down at LordAsked like a demon god. LordAsked faced him like a peerlessly ruthless and wild tyrant. Everyone glanced at them, apprehensive.

“Really A’Xiong. Brother Asked is our senior, so it’s normal for him to have a bit of a temper...” Ye Cang continued shooting as he walked over and put a hand on Zhang ZhengXiong’s shoulder. “Brother Asked, my little brother asking you what status you have is a sign of respect. Of the four heavenly kings, we’ve killed one. Only you and CloudDragon are left. I don’t know who killed Brother PureSoul, but only you and CloudDragon are left. Don’t take offence...”

LordAsked froze, then started to laugh heartily. “Interesting! Really interesting! If I wasn’t facing Flame Dragon, I would want my next opponent to be you guys… I’m not as wishy-washy as MistyVeil. CloudDragon? In my eyes, he’s just an unbridled youngster...”

“Bro! CloudDragon and you are from the same generation...” LordGrinned didn’t forget to come back and join in.

A chop descended from the heavens, knocking him to the ground. “Do I need your bullsh\*t! Whose f\*\*king side are you on! You never learn! If you weren’t my little brother! I would have torn you apart!!”

Ye Cang and the others watched LordAskedbeat up Lord Grinned and broke out into cold sweat. Just how bad was Ji Xiao at socializing… He had already been beaten up by Ye Cang multiple times. If there was someone whose every word came out wrong, it would be him...
