---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 426"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 426: Racketeering

LordAsked’s attacks were very fierce yet he didn’t lose his flexibility. His fighting wasn’t fancy, but it still made Ye Cang raise a brow and narrow his eyes. He would be a problematic foe. In a duel, Ye Cang could win, but the chances weren’t high. These games were truly interesting...

Ye Cang faintly smiled. He ejected the depleted magic crystals and rapidly replaced them with new ones, then continued to move and shoot, clearing up the bagu bug and kagu bug elites...

SpyingBlade, Lin Le, and Little Ren cut through the enemy ranks like a pair of scissors, bringing about spurts of bug fluids and dismembered limbs. Wu Na and Wang supported them with ice magic. Fang Ci controlled two withered shades and Bali to cast curses and deal dark damage.

*That group’s teamwork is too good,* LordAsked thought to himself. *The little girl’s healing is so powerful. That Big Diamond guy’s auras and that necromancer’s curses and spirit damage, are both very effective...* He turned and looked at Ye Cang’s hail of bullets and the three tyrannical vanguards. His mouth raised into a smile. He smashed forward with his shield and sent a bagu bug flying into a wall. A stab of his sword impaled it dead...

A burst of fire rained down. Ye Cang’s two hands glowed with flames. Light Strike Array burst up from the ground and mixed with the Rain of Fire as it fell. NalanPureSoul reached out and grasped the air. The violent explosion of fire surprised even LordAsked. As expected of the best spellcaster, the damn transvestite, NalanPureSoul.

After cleaning up the numerous bugs, everyone rushed towards the ‘throne room’, stepping over the corpses that littered the ground. NalanMoon looked around at everyone. This was a gathering of Black Rock City’s most powerful, besides a couple of solo players. She looked at LordAsked’s domineering and unstoppable charge. The Tyrant, LordAsked. She then looked at Zhang ZhengXiong’s berserk charge with his giant axe, like a human gundam. Brother Diamond - HeavenShakingMight… *It would have been good if I had tried harder to rope them into the Freedom Alliance. Hah. However, it’s only the desperate Thorns and Roses that can afford to take that gamble, staking everything. ThornyRose’s courage and boldness makes her very eye-catching. Just like a few years ago, when she had suffered a crushing defeat against Flame Dragon, but her eyes still burned with fighting spirit. She’s slowly matured, but that hot-headed gaze is hard to forget. No one truly looks down on her...*

NalanMoon’s gaze turned to Ye Cang, who had replaced his guns with a bow. The leader of this season’s biggest dark horse team, the head of Really New Village’s Three Brothers - Brother Hero - PaleSnow. An extremely vile personality that he even shows off in the leagues. He’s taken more technical fouls than any other players would in their entire lives. His dead eyes were always dull, making it hard to understand him. As for Mad Devil Le, he was just like his name. It was hard to guess what he would do next. Always doing terrifying things with a cute smile. Finally she looked to SpyingBlade. A near heavenly king level assassin… She sighed.

As they made their way in, everyone saw that on a protruding hill was an over 10 meter large bug. It looked a lot like a mantis, but half its body looked like a human woman’s, it’s just that her build was very large and her appearance was extremely sinister and terrifying. In place of her two hands were two enormous, black, mantis scythes. She faced everyone and released a crazy scream. The insect swarm became even fiercer, increasing the pressure on everybody.

Before his field of view was entirely blocked by insects, Ye Cang identified her.

Chilvini (Insect - Abyss - Canyon of Death Boss): 

The broodmother of the kagu bugs. Can mass produce various types of kagu and bagu bug larvae. The ruler of her kind. Her flesh is extremely delicious and succulent, an extremely valuable ingredient!

“It can’t go on like this...” Ye Cang remarked.

“Divide the forces. One team opens the way, the other attacks!” LordAsked proposed.

“That way, I fear we won’t last long...” NalanPureSoul frowned.

“We won’t last long like this either… We can’t retreat...” LordAsked warned.

“Brother PaleSnow, does your side still have molotovs?” NalanPureSoul thought of a way, however it required a massive amount of Lin Le’s molotovs.

NalanPureSoul thought of how on their way here, Ye Cang had never let Mad Devil Le over-use the fire. Did they not have enough?

“3G fee for each. Thank you for your patronage...” Ye Cang faintly smiled. 

NalanPureSoul’s chest immediately constricted. *So not using the molotovs was to bleed me and LordAsked dry!* He faintly trembled, recalling ThornyRose’s nickname for him. Lowlife… He sighed deeply, “Brother Asked and I will buy 30 bottles each...”

LordAsked’s brows furrowed, “So expensive? You trying to rob me?”

“To clear this area, we need them...” NalanPureSould’s word made LordAsked accept it, half doubtful and half hopeful. Ye Cang signalled Lin Le that it was ok to throw molotovs now. LordAsked watched as a sea of fire took shape. NalanPureSoul’s Kindle turned him into an endless battery. The pressure from the insect swarm decreased.

LordAsked immediately understood and clenched his teeth. This was practically a scam! He didn’t use it until now just to scam some money from them. Could that oil really cost 3 gold!? 

NalanMoon smiled bitterly. Profiteer wasn’t enough to describe him. He was the even crueler racketeer...

LordAsked looked at Lin Le. *They’re letting him throw all of them? Then he must have a talent to increase the effects. Armed Merchant, a special class from the Armed Chamber of Commerce. Up until now, he is the only player member of Black Rock City’s Armed Chamber of Commerce. They seem similar to a crime syndicate; violent loans, violent sales, violent delivery...*

This phase slowly came under control. LordAsked more or less assented, and they used nearly 100 molotovs. It looked like they had come prepared. Eventually, all that were left were some scattered elites, which were no longer a threat. The broodmother slowly walked down from its throne-like hill.

“The second phase… Everyone be careful.” ThornyRose shouted.

The broodmother didn’t charge at them after coming down. Instead, it screamed once again.

Now that their field of view had opened up, Ye Cang noticed that there was a tunnel to the right! There was also a tunnel at the top. He was about to warn everyone, but a bagu beetle that was only slightly smaller than the boss crawled out. There was also a huge kagu bee. Everyone frowned. There were 3 bosses!

“Leave the one in the sky to us...” Little Ye Tian said seriously.

LordAsked nodded. Their ranged firepower was pretty good. He immediately said stubbornly, “Then we’ll hold back the broodmother...” 

“Alright, us and Thorns and Roses will be in charge of the beetle and small ones...” NalanPureSoul didn’t object.

ThornyRose nodded without a word.

The battle could start at any moment! LordAsked directly charged towards the broodmother. NalanMight led some people towards the beetle. NalanPureSoul looked at Ye Cang’s group, who had no intentions of intercepting the boss. He wrinkled his brows. *They are…?*
