---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 427"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 427: Killing the Broodmother

After gaining the Broodmother’s attention, LordAsked noticed that Ye Cang’s group hadn’t moved. His heart sank and he quickly turned and looked at the incoming Kagu Bee boss. “You guys!?”

Ye Cang and the others took out magic spring water and began to chat about this morning’s TV shows.

“Brother PaleSnow? You are?” NalanPureSoul asked.

“Nothing, let’s recover a bit first.” Ye Cang made a ‘Don’t mind me’ expression, making NalanPureSoul’s chest tighten. In the front lines, ThornyRose, who was controlling the beetle, looked back. “Don’t mess around! Hurry!!”

Just as the kagu bee dived down and was only a few meters from LordAsked, LordAsked quickly raised his shield and prepared to dodge. His brows furrowed. Why hadn’t the attack come? He suddenly looked up and saw that the broodmother’s chest was pierced through from the back by the bee’s stinger. They were killing each other!? Wait! It’s them! He suddenly turned and saw Ye Cang and the others drinking magic spring water. What was going on?

NalanPureSoul was closer to them. He saw Little Ye Tian holding a crystal in her hand, which seemed to resonate. *It should be because of that. A scenario item? No wonder they’re so relaxed.* He watched as four molotovs flew towards him and covered his surroundings. *That Mad Devil Le always throws them so accurately. He’s probably really good with concealed weapons.* However, what NalanPureSoul didn’t know was that Lin Le used it to play darts and win beer money. He had been black-listed in many stores because of that.

The broodmother released an angry wail. Her mantis scythes swung like mad. The kagu bug blocked many of the cuts, but still received many deep wounds. It didn’t stay still though. As it had the broodmother nailed to the floor, its scythes were also swinging madly. It was an extremely desperate battle. LordAsked, along with LordGrinned and the rest of Lord’s Reign, delightedly took advantage of this opportunity to attack the broodmother with all their might.

“A’Xiong, go help out on ThornyRose’s side. Lele, remember to use the acid bottles. Help them break the beetle’s shell. Besides Lele, Fang Ci, and Spying Blade, everyone else attack the beetle!” Ye Cang slowly got up and assigned tasks. He took out his ballista, summoned his shadow weapon, and the double bee bolts shot out. Meteor Shot!

Lin Le and his group charged towards the bosses who were dealing with ‘internal strife’. Little Ye Tian sensed that the energy in the rune was rapidly escaping and warned, “We have to settle it quickly. Since it is controlling a boss, I fear this thing won’t last much more than a few minutes.”

While running swiftly, Lin Le first threw a molotov on top of the entangled bosses, letting them burn. Then an acid flask accurately struck the charging beetle boss. Its armor began to weaken. NalanMight and the others were delighted. Zhang ZhengXiong executed a Barbaric Tackle. Super Speed once again triggered. He crashed extremely rapidly, like lightning, into its weakened shell. Immediately, the sound of shattering was heard. The shell had a huge, cracked depression. A Holy Judgement followed it up along with Wu Na’s Ice Spear, revealing even more flesh.

The two burning bosses were shot by Ye Cang’s two bolts, which pierced through both of them, giving rise to enormous damage numbers. Putting away his ballista, he shot an Enchanted Arrow - Explosive Arrow! It struck accurately at the broodmothers’ neck, fiercely exploding and dealing another huge amount of damage. Then Ye Cang began to bombard them with magic. He wasn’t stingy with his fire type skills so that NalanPureSoul could activate Conflagrate. Those in melee had to be wary of the explosions. After figuring out NalanPureSoul’s cooldown, LordAsked began to command the melee battle. Like a marshal, his commands allowed everyone to attack and retreat in an orderly manner, yet not lose their fervor. SpyingBlade couldn’t help sighing. The Tyrant - LordAsked. Last season, he had tried to assassinate him, but was almost captured instead. LordAsked’s battle intuition was scary accurate...

An extremely furious cry rang out.

LordAsked sensed something wrong! He roared, “Dodge!!”

As he said that, slashes instantly engulfed the area 10 meters around the boss. This instantly caused the deaths of the majority of the surrounding people. All that was left were SpyingBlade and the others who were close to LordAsked. SpyingBlade looked at the deep scar on LordAsked’s shield. When he had blocked the attack and was about to be sent flying backwards, he had taken one step back, rotating his body to deflect the force, then he took one more step and stabilized. In summary, it appeared like he hadn’t been knocked back at all. FrozenCloud was also chopped to death by that attack. Lin Le crawled out from a hole in the ground, and patted the dust off his chest. “So close, good thing Lele dug this hole earlier...”

Little Ye Tian turned away. “Tch...”

The crystal rune in her hand began to crack. Little Ye Tian quickly warned, “The control is going to end!”

Little Ye Tian’s Healing Chain bounced between ThornyRose and Zhang ZhengXiong. She also cast a Holy Shield and Rejuvenating Light on LordAsked. The Pearls of Light were also sent towards LordAsked in order to replenish his large loss of health earlier. Her timing was perfect.

Taking advantage of the time after the boss had already used its big move, Lin Le quicky leapt over and executed Sword Drawing Arts! Whirlwind Strike! Armed Destruction! While unleashing everything, he also moved to dodge the slashes. LordAsked had the boss completely under control. He cleverly moved to let most of its attacks hit the kagu bee. SpyingBlade held his longsword in reverse grip and an afterimage instantly pierced through the kagu bee boss and broodmother, killing the dying kagu bee boss. He landed and immediately flash stepped to avoid the broodmother’s attack, appearing at her back. His reverse gripped longsword directly stabbed into the wound on her back that was left by the kagu bee boss. With a pull! A fountain of blood spurted out!

LordGrinned leapt to strike the side of the broodmother’s head, then landed. LordAsked stepped off the broodmother’s insect leg and smashed the broodmother with his shield. In the air, with his limited mobility, the smash sent his body rotating and his longsword began to emit a violent light. A shining wound was left on the broodmother’s neck. Lin Le followed up with an Execute!!

In the instant when Lin Le landed, Ye Cang’s Flame Burst and NalanPureSoul’s hellfire exploded on the broodmother. It was followed up with a second explosion. The broodmother finally cried out loudly and collapsed. The beetle boss was also killed thanks to the weakened shell from the acid.

“Congratulations to the parties led by players PaleSnow, LordAsked, and NalanPureSoul that have successfully slain the broodmother -  Chilvini!” The system announced. The struggling players all saw that the insects in front of them had become less spirited, so they quickly went all out on the cleanup operation.

Just as the broodmother died, ThornyRose charged at Ye Cang and successfully intercepted him just 3 meters away from the boss! SpyingBlade saw that Ye Cang had been firmly bound by ThornyRose’s body restraining technique, and couldn’t help sighing. She once again saved the results of everyone’s hard work...

LordAsked was utterly confused. What were they doing? Were they insane? He looked at Ye Cang’s abnormal appearance as he crawled towards the corpse. Mad cackling filled the cavern, “The corpse is mine! Let me loot the boss! Godly artifact, I’m coming! My divine hand is coming...” ThornyRose looked like she would stop him even if she had to die. LordAsked was completely speechless. “If he wants to loot then let him loot. What’s the worst...”

LordAsked immediately realized that NalanPureSoul, ThornyRose, SpyingBlade, and basically everyone not from his guild were giving him a strange look. Then he sighed, wrinkling his brows. “What?”

“Nothing. Lele, hurry and loot.” SpyingBlade faintly smiled.
