---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 428"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 428: Chilvini’s Blade Net**

Ye Cang got up begrudgingly. He looked at LordAsked, “Brother Asked, if you ever fight a boss and need someone to loot a top quality godly artifact, then remember to call me. I’ll definitely give you a fair price...”

Everyone watched Ye Cang trying to promote his corpse cursing business. Their reactions had left LordAsked feeling a bit concerned, so he skipped over it, “Leave the discussions for later. Let’s first see what dropped...”

“Brother Lil’White! 5 dark gold equipment dropped, two are weapons and three are armor. There’s also a skillbook!!” They heard Lin Le’s voice. LordAsked perked up. Dark gold weapons!?

The dark gold weapons were a long saber and a pike. The armor pieces were a shield, light leg armor, and what appeared to be a wig.

“I want the shield! No objections right...” LordAsked said, admiring the shield’s stats. It was an entire two grades higher than his own.

Ye Cang looked at Zhang ZhengXiong. Zhang ZhengXiong shook his head. He then shrugged showing that he had no objections.

“I also need a shield...” ThornyRose stood out and smiled.

“I won’t bully you. Let’s roll. As for the others, don’t even think about it. Trash should just continue using trash.” LordAsked looked to NalanMight, and smiled with contempt. He threw the dice and rolled 15, then rubbed his nose, somewhat embarrassed.

ThornyRose sneered. *15 and you dare call for a roll!?* She tossed out the dice... 2. Her mind immediately crashed and she glared at Ye Cang. LordAsked took the shield that Ye Cang passed him, and sighed. He no longer had the right to call for any of the other items, so he could just leave. “Let’s go!!”

“Brother Asked, remember to meet up outside. Ok, what about this saber...” Ye Cang shouted. LordAsked raised a hand and waved as he walked away. “I know...”

Next, Ye Cang took out a 2 meter long, wrist wide, black saber.

Ye Cang looked at Lin Le. Lin Le disliked it for being too light and not domineering enough. At this time, NalanMoon hesitantly raised her hand and said, “Since no one needs it, then I’ll take it...”

SpyingBlade narrowed his eyes. *She’s switching to a heavy long saber? Is she going to walk the path of a heavy weapons assassin?*

“Then your freedom alliance’s share has been settled. You guys can beat it...” Ye Cang tossed the weapons to NalanMoon and said.

“Brother PaleSnow, thanks...” NalanPureSoul nodded and smiled sweetly. It made ThornyRose feel like she wasn’t girly enough.

“What words are those. We’re good brothers who have crossed swords in the bathroom!” Ye Cang wrapped an arm around NalanPureSoul and smiled.

NalanPureSoul’s face immediately turned red as a tomato. He quickly left without a word. ThornyRose broke out in a cold sweat. That guy’s way of messing with NalanPureSoul was enough to make one choke. It was also partly NalanPureSoul’s fault for wanting to be friends with such a shameless lowlife.

“Ooooh, hot news one after another. The Temptress actually had an affair with Team Leader. Hah, Rose, even if PureSoul is a man, you aren’t his match whether in character, talent, appearance, family background, martial arts, morality, hairstyle, or taste in clothes. You’re completely outmatched… Give up, give up.” ElegantFragrance patted ThornyRose’s shoulders and consoled her.

FrozenBlood nodded in approval, “That’s so true. As her best friend, I have no way to retort!”

ThornyRose trembled. *These b\*tches.* She gnashed her teeth, “Don’t force me...”

“I’m just joking. We’re good sisters. Muah...” ElegantFragrance hugged ThornyRose and smiled. 

FrozenBlood also affectionately clung to her, “Muah...”

ThornyRose looked off into the distance. *Young me, you’ve made too many mistakes, such as not killing them before things got to this point...*

“What are you talking about?” Ye Cang looked over and asked.

“Talking about the distribution...” ThornyRose skipped over it.

“There’s still 4 items. The skillbook is ours, and I need the pike. You can choose from the wig or the leg guard.” Ye Cang shrugged, a wig in his left hand and a pair of leg guards in his right.

ThornyRose was very tempted by the wig’s stats and the fact that it was special equipment, but the intelligence and wisdom bonuses were useless for herself. The leg guards were pretty good though, “Leg guard, or you can give ElegantFragrance your bow and quiver...”

Ye Cang thought it over. The quiver was a special class equipment while the bow was an abyss gold, almost as good as dark gold. However, he could coat his arrows in poison, but wasn’t sure if it was possible for the magic crystals. He looked to ElegantFragrance and said, “One second...”

Ye Cang took out the remains of the soup, tossed the two magic crystals into it, then started a fire and began to stir. The system notified him that the magic crystals had been successfully poisoned. He could at most have 10 poisoned magic crystals on him at a time. He tossed the bow and quiver to ElegantFragrance. In their place, he equipped a staff and a tome on a chain, filling the slots up for the added attributes. “Although dexterity fell a bit, magic stats rose by a decent amount… There’s not much difference.”

ThornyRose and the others looked at him and cold sweat poured out. *What kind of class is that. Is it really a ranger? Dual pistols, a tome on his waist, a staff on his back, a ballista in his bag, and he can even pull out a pike from his shadow. It was like he was trying to hound all the other classes to death. Does he want to fight over equipment with everyone?*

“Ok, the rest is ours. The wig, leg guard, and skillbook, who wants what?” Ye Cang put everything on display, including the pike he called dibs on, and asked.

Chilvini’s Long Hair (Dark Gold - Abyss - Special)

Category: Special Head Ornament

Requirements: None

+13 All Attributes

+15 All Resistances

Reduces damage taken by 5%.

+5% Will

+5% Mana

Chilvini’s Grudge (Passive): Every attack causes an additional 15% damage to the target (Not effective against insects).

“It suits A’Xiong and you the most.” SpyingBlade suggested.

“Bro, I definitely don’t want this gender-ambiguous wig thing...” Zhang ZhengXiong shook his head very furiously. 

Ye Cang sighed, “So thoughtless… I’ll just cut it...”

He said that and took the wig. In a short 10 seconds, he spread the black wig amongst his white hair. The white hair now had a few strands of black highlights, which looked very beautiful. It not only maintained the overall style, it made him look even more heroic. ThornyRose couldn’t help sighing at how Ye Cang’s craftsmanship was becoming even more fantastic.

“I’ll take the leg guards...” SpyingBlade said. Ye Cang passed them over to him. It gave high strength and dexterity. Although his own leg guards were a grade lower, but he had already taken the wig. Lastly, he pointed to the skillbook. “What about this?”

Chilvini’s Blade Net (Chilvini - Unique - Beginner Level): 

Issue a fierce roar/whistle, causing the target to enter a momentary trance. Then instantly release a burst of slashes at the surrounding five meters. Every attack deals 53% damage. The number of slashes and their damage is affected by speed, reflex, and dexterity. 

Cost: 50 energy and 35 rage. 

Cooldown: 15 minutes.
