---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 429"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 429: Strength of the Three Instructors**

“Give it to Shaking Bear. Tanks are more suited for this sort of skill which requires having a group’s attention, and his damage is not bad.” ThornyRose suggested. Lin Le and SpyingBlade also agreed. Ye Cang happily gave it to Zhang ZhengXiong.

Ye Cang also casually threw both the new pike and his old pike over. “When we get back to Black Rock City, fuse them for me. The shadow pike’s special is still hard to give up...”

“Bro, that’s easy. I still have lots of materials...” Zhang ZhengXiong grinned.

“Ok, let’s go.” Ye Cang led everyone out of the insect nest and met up with the others. The earth began to violently shake when they were going to meet up with Maru Naya, Linda and Makarlo at the entrance. Behind them, a giant worm broke out of the ground. Although it was a worm, unlike a normal one, it had an extremely solid, black, centipede-like shell. Its mouth was a funnel filled with teeth. The moment it appeared, hundreds of players were swallowed and killed. With a sweep of its body, thousands died. It began to issue a horrible roar towards the direction of Ye Cang’s group. The entire ravine looked like it was being ravaged by hurricane winds. They were nearly blown away.

LordAsked frowned. How were the present-stage players supposed to fight that!?

Ye Cang quickly identified it.

Hell Dragon - Surrey (Lord of the Ravine of Death - Worm - Abyss - Event): 

A race of mythological worms found in deserts. At the very top in the list of existences that travellers and caravans do not want to run into in the wastelands. It has extremely astonishing destructive might. The flesh under its hard shell is the best out of all worms!

Just at that moment, an emerald green pike flew over. In an instant, it grew and stabbed the worm into the ground. Then, an enormous treant held an over 10 meter wide rock and jumped down, smashing it into the worm. A sharp arrow whistled through the air and instantly left it near death. Everyone could hear its bitter wails. They watched as it struggled free of the treant, and escaped back into the ground. Along with the rumbling of the earth, it quickly disappeared towards the far side of the ravine… Everyone turned back and looked at the three people who stood at the entrance to the canyon. Makarlo stroked his long white beard, looking like an old daoist. Linda stuck out her tyrannical milk jugs as the glowing bow in her hands gradually dimmed. Maru Naya reached out and her pike flew back to her hand. The ease at which they had dispatched this boss left everyone moved.

Every surviving player began to kowtow to them. “Masters, disciple pays his respects! Long live the Three Goddesses! Long live the Goddess Association!”

Ye Cang sighed in relief. Good thing those three were there. That thing was simply too fierce. The moment it appeared, it already killed thousands of people. It seems like the other end of this ravine would lead to the wastelands. However, for now, no one dared to go there...

Everyone returned to Mallow’s shrine. Under tens of thousands of expectant gazes, Mallows appeared with her milk jugs. The contrast between her dignified appearance and her attire made everyone hunch their backs and stick out their butts. “Goddess Mallows!”

“Brave warriors, believers, thank you all for clearing up Prosperity Hill. This is my blessing to you all!” Mallows waved her hand.

“All players who participated in the event receive Mallow’s blessing. Gain 50% experience. When in the Black Peaks, all attributes +15%.”

Along with their harvests from the Ravine of Death, most of the participating players leveled up. This was equivalent to a week of hard work for most people. Ye Cang became 2nd in the level rankings, only 10% away from FlameEmperor.

The players were very satisfied with the reward. Fighting monsters and leveling in the Black Peaks would be easier now. An increase of 15% to their attributes was pretty significant.

Little Ye Tian smiled. Now it was inevitable that many players with the blessing would level in Black Peaks. With Bal Village’s location, it would definitely become a gold mine. She had already come up with many ways to make money… ThornyRose also realized that this 15% buff would bring most of the players to Black Peaks. That supply station, Bal Village, wouldn’t it be...!? She began to scheme on ways to get a piece of the pie...

LordAsked narrowed his eyes. He looked at Ye Cang and grinned, “Brother PaleSnow, Bal Village and the shrines project, you can leave it to my Lord’s Reign. Division wise, I definitely won’t let you suffer a loss...”

“Bro, he really won’t let you suffer. Last time, he...” LordGrinned didn’t get to finish before a hand smacked the back of his head. “Shut up! Shut up, shut up...”

“Don’t ask me… For contracts and stuff, go to Little Tian.” Ye Cang was also somewhat astounded by Ji Xiao, but he shrugged and let Little Tian negotiate with them. Finally, LordAsked and Little Tian reached an agreement.

LordAsked looked at Little Ye Tian. *This girl is remarkable! I didn’t manage to take much advantage of them, but a win-win situation like this is not bad.* NalanPureSoul also signed the agreement. Little Ye Tian smiled. The construction wasn’t something that could be completed with only a few people. Tying these guilds and their own interests together was something beneficial. At least, if there is ever a conflict, there was one less thing to worry about. If Black Rock City ever had some internal strife, the ones benefiting would be White Stone City and Violet Sweet City’s guilds.

Mallows slightly parted her legs. Although her thighs weren’t visible, it didn’t stop people from getting lost in their fantasies. Mallows raised a hand to her left breast. Everyone pinched their noses as they listened to her exhausted breathing. “I’ll leave Anya and Jam to you Brave Warriors. When the time comes that we are all reunited, we will give everyone an even stronger blessing...”

After speaking, she turned into light and disappeared from the throne, leaving behind only the clothes that were wrapped around her breasts. Everyone began to spray out blood. Some even wanted to go up and touch the clothes, but they saw Maru Naya arrogantly walk onto the stage and put the clothes away, then very respectfully backed away from the throne. Everyone gulped. There was nothing they could do with the powerful deer spirit there. They all kneeled once again, “Great Goddess Mallows! Leave it to us! The enemies of the goddesses will be our enemies, and will suffer our righteous punishment! Brothers! Let’s go level! Train in order to protect the goddesses! Sir President Hero! Please hurry and restore the other two shrines. Let us meet Goddess Anya and Goddess Jam!!”

“Don’t worry...” Ye Cang waved at the crowd who were leaving to go level.

FrozenCloud, Wu Na, and the other insiders only sighed. Their goddesses had already been NTRed by their president...

Afterwards, Ye Cang brought everyone back to Bal Village to have a look, then returned to Black Rock City. The goddess association immediately became a hot topic in China. The three goddesses were like a virtual idol group. Mallows, Anya, and Jam became very popular. As for their black-hearted manager, Ye Cang, he was currently watching Zhang ZhengXiong forge equipment.
