---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 431"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 431: Debt Collector Department President - Lin Le

Ye Cang had everyone come to equip the amplification devices. Zhang ZhengXiong had painstakingly forged more materials into his huge crystal armguard, upgrading it to dark gold. The crystal now seemed to flow with energy. Little Ye Tian attached a magic amplification device onto it, then firmly secured a motion amplification device with a magic crystal onto his shoulder. Zhang ZhengXiong got up and tried out the motion amplification device. He could immediately feel that his strength was increased by quite a bit. He quickly cancelled it to avoid wastage. He then looked and saw that his crystal arm guard’s effects had been increased by about 20%, leaving him very pleased.

Lin Le couldn’t use a magic amplification device. He could only equip a motion amplification device which he decisively chose to put on his right glove. It allowed him to easily increase the strength of his slashes.

SpyingBlade could only smile bitterly at the fact that Little Ye Tian had developed her own special equipment. As expected of a genius. He put the motion amplification device on his right foot. The only one who could put the motion amplification device on their weapon was FrozenCloud with her two gauntlets. She put it on her right fist.

As for the spellcasters, they all had a magic amplification device attached to the crystal on the ends of their staffs. It looked like a bracket, holding on firmly to the crystal, making it even more pleasing to the eyes.

Lin Le’s soldier food made FrozenCloud, SpyingBlade, and the other all delighted. Fang Ci couldn’t help sighing at the fact that one of these could pretty much heal him to full. To be able to use it 5 times a day, it was truly a good item. It was equivalent to another life.

For SpyingBlade, compared to the amplification devices, this affected him more. What assassins needed the most were medicines and consumables which increase the probability of completing their mission.

Ye Cang saw that everyone was done. They still had an extra 50+ bottles of soldier food, 2 magic amplification devices, and 3 motion amplification devices. He took out his communicator and put on an indifferent smile. “Brother PureSoul, long time no see. I’ve missed you. What do you mean ‘what do you want to advertise now’? What do you take me for! I have a super precious special equipment, and thought of you first… This is good stuff. Here, let me show you. What do you think? 10 gold? Are you messing with me? We spent an entire 40 gold to make this! Little Tian can even take it off and put it on new equipment for you to continue and use. It’s not something that will wash out. Since we’re good brothers that have bathed together and crossed swords, I’ll give you a friendship discount. 100 gold! What do you think!? Aya~~ 40 gold is the material cost, and 60 gold is the manufacturing cost. This is a high-tech product, so most of the price is the intellectual property. Half cash? I don’t want to, but how can I say no to a brother who I’ve crossed swords with. Deal! Wait, don’t hang up. There’s also this which my little brother Lele developed called soldier food. It uses algae harvested from 1 million meters under the sea...” 

Ye Cang turned and looked at Little Ye Tian, “Is Black Rock City far from the sea?”

Little Ye Tian nodded. Ye Cang thought ‘whatever...’ and then picked the communicator back up, “Haha, I’m just joking. It’s actually made from Black Peak’s holy mountain’s fruits, water from heaven lake, and the air above a garden of a hundred flowers. Lele had to process it for 9981… How much? 10 gold a bottle! I cheat neither the old nor the young! It’s definitely extremely valuable. Haven’t we crossed swords together, how can I possible scam you! Cost? Hah, it’s priceless… It’s only because we have crossed swords. Don’t be in such a rush… really… I have 50 bottles. You want 15, is that right? Half cash again? Deal! Thanks for your patronage. Remember to visit our general store… Brother PureSoul, why don’t we make a date to once again cross… Eh, he hung up?”

Ye Cang pouted, then continued to dial the next customer’s number. “Brother Asked, have you been well since we’ve last met? Here’s the deal, our team just developed a high-tech product, and I thought of Brother Asked first. This is called an amplification device. We only have 1 magic amplification device, and 2 motion amplification devices. How much? 120 gold! No discounts! What do you mean I’m trying to rob you. I even told brother PureSoul that it was 150 gold!”

Everyone could hear a roar coming from the communicator, “Didn’t you say I’m the first!!!”

“Alright, alright. Let us both take a step back. For our eternal friendship, I’ll give it to you for just 100 gold! We can’t go any lower! All cash? No can do, let’s do this. Pay half in game gold and I’ll give you both a magic and motion one. Good! So straightforward! As expected of Brother Asked! There’s also this medicine. 13 gold for one. Too expensive? Hah, you’re a guild leader that many are after, you have to be prepared or end up dead on the street. Against a boss, this will also be a big life-saving treasure. 13 gold is definitely worth the price. A bit cheaper? You’re making things difficult for me. We had to climb to the top of Black Peaks and slay a hundred year old serpent for its blood and gall-bladder, then find a mysterious soul-water lake in the mountain range to pray there for 7749… eh, 10 gold half cash, ok. You want 20? Deal! I’ll leave it at my general store, remember to go… Eh, this guy is so rude too, hanging up just like that. There’s still a motion amplification device that hasn’t been sold...” Ye Cang sighed. Everyone shook their heads. *You said it yourself, those who you treat sincerely are very few...*

“Brother CloudDragon! It’s been a long time. I’ve really missed… Eh, it’s this. Motion amplification device. Interested? It can be attached to a grappler’s fist wrappings. How much? Haha, 200 gold, fixed price. Don’t hang up… 100 gold then. LordAsked also bought it at this price. Half cash… Hah, just for you brother CloudDragon. I’m willing to lose a little… Oh right, there’s also this medicine. I was going to sell it for 20 gold, but I’ll give it to you for just 10. You want 10, half cash? Deal! I’ll have the relay station mail it to you...” Ye Cang completed the negotiations and saw the looks everyone was giving him. He shrugged, “Little Fang, bring the things over to the grocery store. Lil’Dino, go to the relay station and mail it...”

“Mm...” Fang Ci and FrozenCloud took the things and left the laboratory.

“What about the rest… Lele, Little Tian, and I will be going to the high-end auction. I was going to bring you all with me, but with my current status, I can only bring one or two guests...” Ye Cang dismissed everyone, and went to the auction house’s doorway. The guard saw Lin Le’s armed chamber of commerce’s debt collection department’s vice president badge, and was immediately terrified, letting the three pass. Little Ye Tian sighed. It seemed like Lele could have brought everyone in. As long as it was a store affiliated with Black Rock City, they feared the armed chamber of commerce. For them, it was a shameless and reckless gangster organization.

The three of them found some seats, and watched the continuous stream of luxury goods. Little Ye Tian began to scan and assess them. They bid on a few of what appeared to be antique ornaments.

“This disk’s true value is at least ten times the price I bought it at. According to Solomon’s writings, I can guarantee that it is part of his collection. It probably accidentally got lost...” Little Ye Tian said, taking the disk.

“What the heck is Solomon?” Ye Cang looked at the encyclopedia, Little Ye Tian, puzzled.

“An ancient dynasty’s king, the king of the golden city. It was destroyed about 2000 years ago. Position wise… around the wastelands north of Black Rock City...” Little Ye Tian deduced from the books she had read in the church’s library. She had filtered it all and quickly came up with her own explanation.
