---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 432"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "openbookworm, skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 432: Assenroche**

Ye Cang saw that the next item was a sword. Its quality was unknown, it was only said that a famous mage named Garros had used it in his youth. It was most likely a magician’s sword, so he could make use of it. The initial price was not high at merely 50 gold, but it actually rose up to over 250 gold.

“Father, we can continue bidding...” Little Ye Tian narrowed her eyes. 250 gold. Even for the natives, this was a large amount of money. Ye Cang raised his hand, “265 gold...”

Finally, the bids ended at 265 gold. Due to being unable to see the quality of the sword inside its box, many people didn’t continue raising the price. It was only a temporary weapon that Garros had used in his youth after all. Most of them knew how to restrain themselves. Ye Cang paid the money, and opened the long box. It was a light blue, transparent sword, with a flowery mithril handguard. It was about 2 fingers wide, and had a total length of 140 centimeters. It was a very slender one-handed sword. The light blue, transparent body looked to be made of crystal. Ye Cang touched it, feeling the texture of the metal. With a flick, the metal gave a crisp ring; an exceptionally sweet sound.

Assenroche (Dark Gold - Mysterious - Garros)

Category: Magic Sword

Requirements: 115 Strength, 125 Dexterity, 100 Constitution, 145 Intelligence, 135 Wisdom

Damage: 34 - 38

+20 All Attributes

+10% Intelligence

+30 Spell Power

+15% Spell Damage

Attacks deal additional arcane damage: 22 - 25

Assenroche’s Favor (Passive): When using magic, reduce mana cost by 25% (Excluding spirit, dark, and summoning magic).

Assenroche’s Finger: Activate to instantly launch an arcane attack, dealing 100 arcane damage in an area in front with a chance to knockup, knockback, and stun. Cooldown: 1 hour. 

Seal: ???

PS: Assenroche is a holy spirit that mastered arcane magic.

Lin Le looked at the beautiful sword enviously, but when he saw the attributes, he instantly lost interest. 145 Intelligence. He would never have enough...

Little Ye Tian raised her brows. A profit! Dark gold! Most dark gold weapons can sell for about 200 gold right now. The stats and abilities both fit her father very well, and it even had a seal. As long as they could find a way to lift it. Perhaps they could even get another hidden quest.

Ye Cang put the longsword horizontally behind his waist, giving off the temperament of a great general.

The three of them quickly spent nearly a thousand gold. Little Ye Tian’s purchases were all things that could be resold for a huge profit. Lin Le bought a dark gold necklace. Its pure strength stats increased his explosive strength by another step. When ThornyRose learned that the three of them spent nearly a thousand gold in the high-end auction, her chest felt pained. *How rich are they!! The guild has trouble even spending a hundred gold...*

“It comes fast and goes fast. Little Tian, make a dozen or so more amplification devices. Lele, you get to work too, make more medicine...” Ye Cang rested a hand on the hilt of his new sword and looked into the sky.

“Ok / Okies,” the two of them spoke together. They both returned to working as child labourers in order to contribute to the studio.  

Ye Cang showed off and drew Assenroche. He looked at the sword’s body and gently caressed it. “Oh, treasured sword, treasured sword, what do you think I should do next… So free...”

Lin hai, half-moon lake.

Ye Cang sat upon his usual stone and yawned. When he saw even a 0.001 deviation, a willow branch would strike, hitting the spot that had erred to correct Zhao XiangYu’s posture. On the other side was her senior apprentice sister that had been learning dance for over a month, Zuo Yiyi. She could already, with difficulty, perform some simple dance moves on the lake. It was still pretty strenuous, but this little improvement had made her very excited for a long time. She just performed a step and spin, when a branch came and caused a stinging pain. 

“Your movements are weird. Whether you’re learning dance or martial arts from me, you must train so that every basic movement has no deviations. As for whatever you improvise using the basics, you can do whatever you want with it. However, your foundation must be perfect. Just good, is not enough. It must be acknowledged by me as perfect...” Ye Cang laid on the rock and said. His words had a seriousness which made the two women feel even more pressure. They also felt respect for Ye Cang’s serious approach.

Ye Cang opened up a beer and slightly pushed aside his heavenly fox mask to drink. He watched the two of them continue to seriously practice, and faintly smiled. Seeing the bright moon in the sky, he slowly lowered his mask again...

The next day (two days break from the game), early morning, the school’s exams began.

In the homeroom teacher’s office, Ye Cang’s group of three were holding blank test papers. Ye Cang went up first and handed it to a teacher with glasses. “Teacher, please, remember to give me a good mark...”

“Same...” Zhang ZhengXiong also handed his in.

“And me!” Lin Le happily put down his test paper.

The homeroom teacher began to break out in a cold sweat. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong, who was stretching his joints and sending loud cracking sounds throughout the office. He then looked at the three test papers. He was especially speechless when he saw Lin Le’s. “Umm… this one is a modern arts exam...”

“Brother Lil’White, Brother Lil’Xiong, the home-room teacher is rejecting me...” Lin Le’s ahoge drooped, feeling wronged.

“Lele, how is that possible. Teacher… sorry, I don’t know what you’re called...” Ye Cang rubbed his head, embarrassed. He looked at the philosophy department teacher, then smiled and put a hand on his shoulder.

“Just call me Zhou...” The glasses teacher looked at the smile under Ye Cang’s white hair, and shivered. This was a super popular king of the east district, the great general, white haired asura - Ye Cang.

“Teacher Zhou, can’t you be more flexible with Lele’s exam paper...” Zhang ZhengXiong bent the railing into a pretzel and then pulled it straight again repeatedly, as if playing with it. He watched as Zhou gulped and quickly nodded. “It’s fine, it’s fine. Just leave it to me...”

“Then we won’t bother you. Goodbye teacher...” Ye Cang nodded courteously. He brought the two of them and left the office. Teacher Zhou immediately collapsed weakly onto his seat, and wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Everytime those three bad omens appeared, he would be scared to death. As expected of the crusader king. He looked at Lin Le’s art exam and smiled bitterly as he called his good friend’s number. “Please… I still want to see the day my son grows up and gets a life… Just because it hasn’t happened yet, doesn’t mean it won’t… Hah”

Ye Cang’s group met up at the train station and once again went north to the capital. When they got on the hovering train, they saw Ji Xiao sitting by the window playing on his phone. They revealed a good-willed smile. FrozenCloud sighed. Just how unlucky was he? Recently, every time he’s gone to the capital, he would run into Ye Cang. If it was her, she would definitely start avoiding trains that stopped by Lin Hai… Sometimes inaction caused death.

Ji Xiao could feel his blood run cold. He immediately looked up and saw Ye Cang’s group smiling towards him. His entire person was frozen stiff...
