---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 433"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 433: Liu Family Battle**

Capital, floating train-station.

MistyVeil once again received a call for help from Ji Xiao and rushed over. She saw him hugging his own shoulders, a placard covering his lower half. On the placard were the words, "Sorry, friends shouldn't be rude and jump out the window when meeting each other..."

MistyVeil turned and, as expected, saw that group of people walking out of the station. She waved at them, "I'll give you a ride..."

"Alright..." Ye Cang directly walked towards the driver-side seat.

Ji Xiao put on clothes in the car and thought with a bitter face, *don't these guys go to class? They are always so idle, today should be a school day...*

"Why are you here in the capital this time? If I remember correctly, Lin Hai should be starting classes today..." MistyVeil said with a smile while she drove.

FrozenCloud sighed. *They almost made the professors cry, especially when explaining to the acting department head. Shaking Bear had played around with a several ton statue and had 'accidently' dropped it beside them. Then he had threatened them in a tone that was threatening yet not threatening, terrifying yet not terrifying. Now, she was noted down as a special student by her professor. Her first semester had only just started and her marks were already filled with A's. In the east district, those guys could do as they please... After the holy war, the east district student council would tuck in their tails and walk far around them whenever they see them…*

"Since we're too outstanding, the teachers have already finished marking us this semester..." Ye Cang said, looking out at the blue sky with a trace of sorrow.

"Tsk, bull\*\*\*\*..." Ji Xiao whispered.

"A'Xiong, crush him..." Ye Cang said indifferently from the front seat.

From the back seats, sounds of a gang-beating could be heard.

"..." MistyVeil saw the back from her mirror and rolled her eyes. *Hah, Smiley, Smiley, Smiley...* "Today, our family is hosting a party. You should all just come to my place, since the Qin's will be coming over anyways..."

"Alright..." Ye Cang continued to carefreely stare at the white clouds, while Ji Xiao's screams continued to come from the back of the car.

Capital, Liu Family's Side Courtyard.

Ye Cang leisurely strolled around the grove. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le were at the gym training and sparring. Ye Cang came upon an elderly man fishing during his stroll. "Yo, Elder Liu, what a coincidence..."

"Haha, its the brat... This time I..." Elder Liu saw him and got up.

"Take this! Lightning Pla- Bolt!" Ye Cang directly acted without warning.

*F\*\*k!* Elder Liu quickly mobilized his qi to withstand it. *This little bastard is always so sly! Watercloud Shield! Not good! His Lightning Plasma became a Lightning Bolt! Pity, my watercloud shield is breaking!* The explosion from violent collision sent the numerous electrified water droplets splattering like bullets. Ye Cang moved like lightning, perfectly slipping between the drops of water, and released a punch containing the power of the Big Dipper, "Big Dipper God Fist (Hokuto Shinken) - Seven Star Points of Death (Shichishi Seiten)!"

Elder Liu furrowed his brows. The brat's reaction time was terrifying. Flowing Water Palm! Like running water, it flowed over and instantly intercepted Ye Cang's seven punches, but the punches contained no force! He felt alarmed! It was a feint! Fake! He heard a calm snicker by his ear, "Strong Diamond Finger..."

Crack! Three sharp pains pierced his waist, making Elder Liu gasp. *F\*\*k! Cheater! That little bastard can't speak a word of truth! That's clearly the inner strength skill - One Inch Three Fold Force!* Enraged, he increased to 60% strength, turned, and struck out with a palm but discovered that Ye Cang had already escaped over 10 meters through the trees. 

"Elder Liu is truly unrivalled. I have important matters to attend..."

"Shut it! Today, I will have my revenge for this time, last time, and the time before that!!" Elder Liu pursued with flowing movements, but he was unable to catch up with the lightning-fast Ye Cang. He could only gnash his teeth. *Isn't this brat's superpower too fast. Even at full power, I can only barely keep up.*

In a pavilion, sitting on an antique chair was the head of the house, Liu FengSheng. He watched the scene of the flowing water and drifting cloud chasing the white lightning. "RuYan, that white haired young man is your savior and Qin San's son-in-law right?"

"Mm..." MistyVeil acknowledged.

"Such agility. White Lightning, as fast as lightning, with strength that can tear superalloys like paper. Lin Hai's honorary member in charge of discussions with the 10 Commandments. Good at interrogation, strength: unknown, danger: extremely dangerous..." Liu FengSheng looked through the top-secret file that he had someone bring him, "He's not simple..."

MistyVeil faintly nodded. How can someone who can catch a high-caliber armor-penetrating bullet be someone simple?

Elder Qin and Mr Qin brought ThornyRose to the Liu house and saw lightning like flash pass by followed by a water like flowing figure. Elder Qin and Mr Qin smiled. With a step, the granite floor cracked, and they speedily pursued. Mr Qin didn't forget to shout out, "Bill Liu FengSheng for the damagto the floor!"

Liu FengSheng broke out in cold sweat. That shameless guy... He watched as the four of them fought, various rocks and gardens getting crushed. Even the pavilion was blown up by a kick from Qin Zhong. From upstairs, a voice burst forth, "Dammit! Such a good fight, how can you leave me out!"

"Second Grandfather..." MistyVeil smiled bitterly. This would be another expensive repair expense.

Ye Cang dodged past Mr Qin's Black Tortoise Trigram - Fire / Lightning - Yinless and Yangless, then shouted, "Super Lightning Plasma!!"

Suddenly, the entire area was filled with fist energy, demolishing the entire area including the other four!

"Revolving Spirit Steps - Yang!"

"Revolving Spirit Steps - Yin!"

Mr Qin and Elder Qin both unleashed their secret move, Revolving Spirit Steps, which collided against each other. The area within 100 meters was covered in airborne dust and debris. Elder Liu and Second Elder Liu also worked together to resist the destruction wrought about by Revolving Spirit Steps and Lightning Plasma. Ye Cang simply flashed away like lightning, fleeing.

"Qin Zhong! Are you and your son trying to destroy this place!?" Elder Liu looked at the ruins beneath them and roared.

"It's not like it's my house..." Elder Qin Zhong said calmly.

Mr Qin put on his scholarly air and smiled, "I should be more careful, apologies..."

Contrary to his words, Elder Qin activated his Black Tortoise trigram again and attacked Second Elder Liu.

"Damn brat, come at me! Nice Black Tortoise trigram! Cleansing Waves Turning Clouds!" Second Elder Liu struck forward with a massive wave like palm strike. The two of them charged at eachother, and when their attacks collided, the resultant shockwave spread out around them. Ye Cang waved his hand like a blade, cleaving through the incoming shockwave. Like a lightning current, he suddenly appeared behind Second Elder Liu. Making sword fingers with his hand, he struck forth towards Second Elder Liu's back, making some sparks. Second Elder Liu's lips curled into a smile. *Such a fast brat! He's got courage!*

Mr Qin squinted his eyes, coordinating with Ye Cang to first deal with the second elder. His White Tiger trigram made a tiger like roar emerge from his body. Old Liu raised his brows, the three generations of this Qin branch family were not easy to deal with! If someone didn't help, second elder might be struck by Qin San and that damn brat's pincer attack.
