---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 434-1"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

TN: Divided into part 1 and 2 because there were two chapter 434.

---

### Chapter 434-1: Frog in a Well

Second Elder Liu furrowed his brows. That white haired, beach shorts guy was too fast. He couldn't avoid his move and could only forcefully take it! He didn't dare divide his attention either as from the front, that brat Qin San was releasing an excessive amount of power, enough to definitely blow him up! Thus, he raised his qi to 70%! 

Ye Cang's sword finger faced not the least bit of resistance and penetrated like a scalpel.  

*Not good!!* Both Liu elders were astonished.

Just at that time, a hand appeared and grabbed Ye Cang's sword finger. "RuYan's benefactor, one should spare others when possible. How about we just let the four of them fight?"

"I never wanted to take part, it's all Elder Liu's fault for bullying me, I had no choice but to flee. I only managed to grasp an opportunity presented by Mr. Qin and Elder Qin... Actually, take this! Strong Diamond Chop!" Ye Cang showed a repenting expression and suddenly, a ferocious sword slash was executed by his fingers. Liu FengSheng was planning to let Ye Cang go, but discovered that it was all a feint leading to a surprise attack. His chest tightened. This brat was too f\*\*king nefarious! With a flash, the jade flute at his waist shot forth sword qi and the sound of swords colliding was heard.

Elder Liu narrowed his eyes. *This brat is good. Whether it's a superpower or cultivation, to be able to train his body to such a degree that he can take on FengSheng's sword qi with his bare hands... He's hidden his strength deeply. So it turns out he's a swordsman... no, he should at least be at the Heroic Swordsman level or higher.*

"Little Ye, you should be more honest..." Before Liu FengSheng could finish speaking, Ye Cang once again unleashed another move, "Lightning Plasma Sword!!"

The sword shot out light a comet and exploded, filling the sky with sword streaks. It enshrouded Liu FengSheng like a net of light. Liu FengSheng raised a brow, "Good move!"

Sword qi rippled out of the jade flute, sweeping away the sword net, but Ye Cang had already disappeared. Second Elder Liu's scream rang out, "My waist!!"

"Beautifully done!" Qin San watched Ye Cang use three moves and succeed with his surprise attack, making the second elder, whose strength was as deep as the ocean, scream out in pain.

Elder Liu's heart trembled. Although they were holding back their true strength, using at most about 60%, but to still be able to deal with his sword key and surprise attack the second elder, the brat must be extremely proficient in assassination techniques...

"The banquet is starting!" MistyVeil shouted.

Ye Cang, Qin Zhong, and Mr Qin simultaneously pulled back, leaped out of the ruins, and walked towards the front entrance as if nothing happened. First and Second Elder Liu gnashed their teeth as they watched the three of them acting all cheerfully. They both rubbed their waist. *This hatred, we will definitely take revenge!*

"That brat is very skilled in martial arts. I don't know why, but I cannot see through his feints at all..." Second Elder Liu said as he hissed from the pain.

"Speed. He might be the weakest one here, but his speed is the fastest, so he has the initiative. Qin branch family really picked up a treasure. The boy is definitely not just some frog in a well..."

Meanwhile, over by Mr Qin, they were already complementing each other.

"Good move, son-in-law. Tsk tsk, seeing Second Elder Liu bending over in pain feels so good..." Mr Qin said, entirely free of worry.

"It's nothing, it's all because Mr Qin's Black Tortoise Trigram had him locked down..." Ye Cang said with his two hands in his beach shorts pockets and his flip-flops flopping on the ground.

"So refreshing. Did you see how I beat Third Elder Liu until even his mustache was crooked."

"Of course. Elder Qin is truly unrivalled..." Ye Cang said with a snicker. The response he received was a Heavenly Dragon Arts - Skyfall! He quickly turned into a streak of lightning and disappeared, rushing towards the banquet hall.

"That damn brat. His personality is too hateful..." Those words reminded Elder Qin of his first time meeting Ye Cang, that punch right on his stomach. That time, he was in so much pain that it felt like his intestines were in a knot, yet he had to act like nothing was wrong.

"So fast, son-in-law's potential is terrifying. Old Man, you didn't suffer that fist for nothing, his foundation is dreadfully firm. Have you noticed that his every action is mind-numbingly steady? There isn't even the tiniest bit of deviation. Did you know, Ren Long told me before that, without any superpower or qi, he can tear metal alloys apart like paper with just brute strength..." Mr Qin sighed at Ye Cang's strange talent report.

"With just brute strength!?" Elder Qin couldn't keep his calm.

"I think that is the reason why the Dragon Group's leader personally scouted him. His potential is too terrifying. Before, I was curious why he had A'Xiong and Lele learn from me while he himself didn't. It turns out that he already has his own style. A style that is just his. Only in that last exchange, we chanced upon a glimpse of his assassination technique, did I realize how much of a freak he is. Ignoring his strength, even the mind-numbingly cruel killing methods he performs without any emotions or guilt, can you believe that he is only 21?"

Elder Qin chose to remain silent. When he himself was 21, he was still happily participating in those martial arts tournaments. Meanwhile that brat already bears the burden of raising his brothers and sisters while also carrying out missions. "Last time when he talked about his interrogation methods, I couldn’t feel any killing intent or malice from him. He has too many mysteries. Just what kind of person did that girl Zhen'er bring back..."

Mr Qin faintly smiled. Together with Elder Qin, they entered the banquet hall.

Ye Cang found Zhang ZhengXiong and the others, and sat with them. Many guests saw Ye Cang's attire and frowned, but some guests that were often at the Qin family parties were already used to it. There were even some who were afraid of Ye Cang's group. That incident, they had all seen Ye Cang easily catch a bullet and then easily apprehend the assassin in a state that he would be better off dead... Now, they felt a chill in their hearts when they saw him.

NalanPureSoul's arrival made the entire banquet hall gasp. His exceptional complection. graceful demeanor. The female guests could only lower their heads or become envious.

NalanPureSoul looked at Ye Cang's group and directly walked over. Beside him was a 25 year old or so, beautiful woman. She had an egg shaped face, exquisite features, and wore a backless pink flower themed dress. This woman was NalanMoon.

"Brother PureSoul... how is the magic amplification device?" Ye Cang asked with a smile.

"It would be better if it was a bit cheaper..." NalanMoon interrupted unhappily.

"Ignorant woman! If it was cheap, how could it be worthy of Brother PureSoul's status!" Ye Cang said righteously.

NalanMoon rolled her eyes, unable to refute.

"Many thanks, Brother PaleSnow. It is very useful..." NalanPureSoul couldn't help smiling.

"It's nothing. You were the first one I thought of when selling it, since we're good brothers of the sword fighting association!" Ye Cang once again dragged NalanPureSoul into some sort of wretched group.

NalanPureSoul sighed, "Brother Ye Cang, could you stop bringing up sword fights, crossing swords, or sword fighting associations. This one really d..."

"Don't have a sword!?" Ye Cang cried out with great alarm, then suddenly understood, "so that's the case. I was inconsiderate. Next time, we'll play sword and shield."

NalanPureSoul shivered all over. *Can't we have a normal conversation! I didn't even finish speaking!! Hah.* Sighing deeply, he said, "Sword and shield is..."

"I'll use my sword to penetrate your shield, until you can't take it anymore..."

Ye Cang didn't even get to finish before NalanPureSoul turned bright red and quickly interrupted him, "Cough cough. Brother PaleSnow, stop teasing me..."

"I'm serious though..." Ye Cang muttered.

"......"
