---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 434-2"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

TN: Changed female red dragon to Red Dragoness... sounds cooler. I think she was mentioned before very breifly.

---

**Chapter 434-2: Red Dragoness**

Following the start of the feast, Liu FengSheng, as the host, looked towards his guests, "Today, I would like to thank everyone who could make it despite your busy schedules. Previously, my daughter was nearly killed but was saved thanks to a noble man. Today's banquet is to quell my daughters fright and also to thank this noble man..." Saying that, he looked to Ye Cang and offered a toast, "Little Brother Ye, the Liu Family owes you an immense favor..."

"It was nothing, this is unneeded..." Ye Cang returned the toast indifferently.

"To you, it might only be a slight effort but to me, it was worth a life..." MistyVeil also spoke up seriously, "The Liu family must return favors and enmity!"

Ye Cang sighed, turning his back to her, he whispered, "Go ahead and touch, Aunt Perky. I'll let you have your revenge..."

"......" MistyVeil immediately felt her legs go weak. *Would it kill this bastard to not do these damn things!?*

ThornyRose rolled her eyes. *Once the damn low life becomes shameless, it's impossible to guess what he'll do next. If he dared to say that to me, I would do more than just stab him with my fork and knife!* Thinking that, she gripped her fork and knife so tightly that her hands trembled. *Revenge for my chrysanthemum, revenge for my chrysanthemum...*

All the guests were moved. To receive such a big favor from the Liu family was a very lucky thing. The way they looked at the beach shorts wearing Ye Cang immediately changed, containing envy and admiration. Many who came over to worm their way into being his friend were intercepted by Little Ye Tian with only a few words.

"Today, there are also some honored guests that have come. I hope that no one will be lacking in manners..." Liu FengSheng continued speaking seriously.

The moment those words were spoken, someone said, "Uncle Liu, am I someone that unreasonable?"

A capable looking, short haired girl, wearing a black woman's suit walked in. Her face was full of heroic spirit. This persona was the dragon group's boss, Red Dragoness - Long Zhongyi, or as Ye Cang calls her, tomboy. Meanwhile, the baldy beside her was the leader of the 7th group, Ren Long.

Qin Zhong faintly raised his brows. The real monster has come. Head of her house by 18, leader of the Dragon Group by 26, she was said to be the strongest leader the Long family had ever seen. The Long family had always served the Chinese Federation. At least half of the Dragon Group leaders have come from the Long family. They were a low-key, yet unforgettable, family.

Entering after them was Hunting Flame. With a stern expression, he scanned the surroundings. Seeing Ye Cang, he faintly smiled. The Dragoness saw Hunting Flame enter and gave him a light nod. Hunting Flame returned the nod. This wasn't the first time that the two had met.

The Dragoness looked at Ye Cang idling around in beach shorts, minding his own business. *That bastard is messing around again. He's obviously the one in the 10 Commandments with the strongest voice, yet he always wants to be behind the scenes. The 10 Commandments' \#1's worst nightmare is this leader of the extremist faction.* She thought of the battle where they wiped out the Anos family. If she hadn't fought with him before, she wouldn't know how terrifying and reliable the so called Silver Devil was. If possible, she didn't want him as an enemy.

Everyone became silent. The Red Dragoness had arrived! Some were terrified. Although they didn't know who Hunting Flame was but the fact that they had exchanged nods meant that he was someone the Dragoness approved of. One after the other, they began to show their curiosity.

"You are one of today's most honored guest. I don't dare to offend you..." Liu FengSheng smiled.

"The most special is not me. It's not like it's my first time attending Uncle Liu's banquet. Just do as you wish..." The Dragoness came to Liu FengSheng's table and sat down. Ren Long also sat. With the Dragoness around, he didn't dare stand out. He recalled how he was once the leader of an evil cult. Money, beauties, whatever he wanted, he could have. Now, bearing an official position, even if he had a mistress, he wouldn't even be allowed to touch her. Sighing, he looked at the Dragoness respectfully.

"Then allow me to formally introduce this friend of mine. The 10 Commandments' \#4, Mr Hunting Flame. Thank you very much for coming..." Liu FengSheng's words sent the quiet crowd into turmoil. The 10 Commandments!? None of them dared to speak. They looked at Hunting Flame somewhat fearfully.

Hunting Flame also came up to the main table.

Everyone looked to the people at the main table, feeling shocked. Dragon Group, 10 Commandments, Liu Family, what were they up to? Could it be related to the attack on the Liu Family's eldest daughter...

The banquet began.

"I didn't think you would attend this sort of activity, Hunting Flame..." The Dragoness was somewhat surprised, because Hunting Flame was specialized in assassination and information gathering.

"I've been behind the scenes for too long, I figured this was a chance to stand on the stage..." Hunting Flame faintly smiled.

"I just didn't think you would directly kill Sky Burial. I suppose Pandora..." The Dragoness knew about this information, just not in detail.

"It's fine, I'm in charge of things related to Pandora now..." Hunting Blade shrugged.

"Then I'm afraid Pandora's got a headache coming..." The Dragoness couldn't help smiling. She glanced at the nearby Ye Cang who was eating, drinking, and chatting; then sighed, "Your boss sure is free..."

"Leader has already done too much for Cold Moon and I. Both of us hope that leader can be more free..." Hunting Flame thought of the past and smiled. The Dragoness remained silent. No wonder \#1 was so afraid. The power of those three could easily topple his reign. It wasn't even possible to drive a wedge between them; especially Cold Moon, no one that has tried has ever returned. Now, no one dared to bother her.

"Hearing your words, I want to meet this Silver Devil even more..." Liu FengSheng smiled.

The two of them froze, then both smiled, "You will..."

"As for Pandora's matters, I hope to discuss it with the Liu family. If you're interested, we can make arrangements..." Hunting Flame recalled that Pandora also wanted to work with the Liu Family to develop new medicines.

"Then I'll be imposing on your, Brother Hunting Flame." Liu FengSheng said fondly. Pandora was also a globally known organization, one of the strongest underground medicine manufacturers, despite originating from poison. However, their medicine development was also first rate. They formed many cooperative relationships with the federation, but rarely associated with family clans. At least they rarely played with the Liu family.

The Dragoness didn't say anything. Though Pandora had their fair share of contact with the chinese federation but as the Dragon Group, it wasn't good to dabble in too many things.

The banquet gradually came to an end. That night left the guests witless as they witnessed the Liu family's connections as one of the capital’s three great families. Ye Cang led everyone back to the Qin branch family's manor first before coming to the lakeside.

"The Liu family agreed to work together with Pandora..." Hunting Flame slowly walked out of the darkness.

"Then only Pandora's side is left. Go find Mandala, she probably won't refuse..." Ye Cang nodded.

"I got it, leader..." Hunting Flame turned. With a flash of flame, he disappeared.
