---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 436"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 436: Establishing Happy Firmaments**

“Well done. You have to remember! Especially *le sentiment~*! Show them your most beautiful, most stimulating side!!” Ye Cang slowly walked out of the temple. The three Goddesses all waved him farewell.

SpyingBlade was puzzled. Why was he seeing three brothel girls in training instead of goddesses? They even appeared a bit like korean idols.

The moment Ye Cang stepped out of the temple, he was seized by ThornyRose. “Amplification Device and Soldier Food eh… You damn, conscienceless lowlife! You don’t come to me when you get something good! Aren’t we in the same club!!?”

“Eh… well it’s like this. I figured you couldn’t afford it...” Ye Cang said earnestly.

ThornyRose's teeth latched onto his face.

“Ah! My face!!” Ye Cang’s scream echoed throughout the shrine. Wu Na sighed, somewhat sympathizing with ThornyRose. Every time they met, the woman would be angered half to death. She quickly worked with FrozenBlood to pull them apart.

In the end, Ye Cang notified Little Ye Tian that they would be giving 3 of each amplification device to ThornyRose’s team as well as 15 soldier foods. Looking at the distant red sky, he sighed. Lin Le’s lively figure appeared, “Brother Lil’White, I picked up a Guild Charter while walking down the stairs...”

ThornyRose, who was walking down the stairs, suddenly felt a pain in her chest and her legs lost their strength, nearly making her fall down the steps. *F\*\*k! That can happen!!? Lele, is your father the GM!?*

“Go! Let’s establish Happy Firmaments!” Ye Cang took the guild charter and suddenly turned and looked heroically into the distance. He drew Assenroche and raised it high. It’s transparent blade looked extremely beautiful.

Black Rock City.

In the player’s marketplace, many groups were going about their everyday activities. Ye Cang’s Happy Firmament’s General Store was a very popular place, the space around the building had already become like a large shopping center. It was a place that most players would go to after returning to the city. Often, there would be good equipment, which made all the players who had made a bit of money come rushing over.

At this moment.

“A new guild has been established! Let us welcome [Happy Firmaments - Fraternity - Corporation - Conglomerate - Invincible in the firmaments - Always available for catering, medicine, engineering projects, equipment, and hairstyling. Our mini guild studio promises a fair price. Apologies, currently not recruiting. We wish everyone a happy gaming. PS: just a friendly reminder O(n_n)O, you can shorten this name to Happy Firmaments Fraternity because we will be changing the name irregularly.] to Black Rock City!” The China System announcement played.

“What kind of damn name is that? Is it a tongue-twister!?” CloudDragon was dumbfounded.

LordAsked froze, then let slip a smile, “A bunch of dumbasses...”

ThornyRose facepalmed, “I knew it... those guys would never come up with a normal name...”

“Can it even be any longer...” MistyVeil didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

“Catering?” NalanPureSoul’s face became pale.

Black Rock City was thrown into an uproar.

“Brother Hero has created a guild! Such an earth-shattering name! It’s so domineering in every way!”

“Of course! Do you see whose guild that is!? It’s Really New Village’s Three Brothers!!”

“A pity that they aren’t recruiting. My lifetime aspiration is to join the Happy Firmaments Fraternity in order to help the Three Brothers...”

“Covered in whites and only level 11, who do you think you are!? However, this not recruiting must mean they are walking the path of elites. Only the best of experts can get in!”

“So what if I’m covered in whites!? Hero won’t care!”

“Only idiots wouldn't care...”

“Your seeking death! Triple Strike!!”

“Humph, I’m someone who has bought from the Happy Firmaments General Store. I’ll show you how terrifying distinguished equipment can be… Shadow Assault!”

“Bros, don’t fight. The Goddess Association has started recruiting again! Why don’t you hurry!”

“Wait for me! Bro, save me a spot! Since I can’t yet fulfil my life goal of joining Happy Firmaments, then I’ll first join the Goddess Association!!”

“Bullsh\*t! You still have the time to show off here. Hurry and rush over with your movement skills!!”

Ye Cang emerged from the city administration center and tidied up his tiger skin coat. “From now on, call me boss guild leader...”

“Boss vice guild leader...” Lin Le raised his chin proudly.

“Same...” Zhang ZhengXiong crossed his arms.

“Look at you guys acting all important...” Wu Na couldn’t help smiling.

“Lil’Dino, drag this rude person out and give her a beating. Death penalty...” Ye Cang said, but before he could finish, Wu Na reached out, pinched his cheeks and said with a smile, “What did you say?”

“I’m just kidding… You couldn’t tell? Haha, ahaha...” Ye Cang gulped. FrozenCloud also felt her scalp tingle. Nana was very scary when angry.

“Really, I’m now the guild leader. You should be more respectful, otherwise people will look down on our guild...” Ye Cang grumbled. Wu Na just rolled her eyes in response.

“Everyone get ready. The Goddess Association members will be following us to Jam’s shrine to wait for the three goddesses to descend...” Ye Cang said, then they each split up to do their task.

The grand procession arrived at Jam’s shrine at the top of the Ravine of Death. In the middle of the ruins was a reconstructed temple. A hint of life could now be felt from this miserable scene. On top of the flight of stairs, a beam of light shined, then three goddesses descended simultaneously. Immediately, the earth began to emit the fragrance of flowers, while the air became clean and fresh. Anya wore a wild looking tiger-stripe mini skirt, Jam wore an outfit made of green leaves, and Mallows had a high slit dress which showed off the see-through cloth around her legs. They all wore different coloured high-heels. These were designed with the help of Carry, who Ye Cang had invited. With their drop-dead gorgeous faces and their supreme temperament as Goddesses, the result was the scene of tens of thousands of people covering their noses and mouths.

“Thank you believers and heroes for helping us sisters rebuild our temples. Once again, please receive our blessing...” Jam said. She clasped her hands, closed her eyes, and began to sing a song full of life. Hundreds of flowers blossomed and butterflies frollicked about. Anya’s prominent and steady voice joined in. Everyone saw the mantises begin to hunt. The scene of predators and prey began to appear. When they heard Mallows’ dignified and feminine voice, the cycle of growth and decline began to play out around them, completing the laws of nature. Everyone couldn’t help but close their eyes to feel the spirit in the air. They were afraid to miss even a single beat of this wild and awe-inspiring symphony. Their stress from work and life was wiped clean. They were completely drunk in the melodies of these Goddesses of nature.

“Congratulations, you’ve received the three nature goddesses’ permanent blessing. Gain +2 all attributes, +10 nature and poison resistance, and an accelerated health regeneration when in nature environments.”
