---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 437"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 437: Eagle Eye

For a long time, everyone was enthralled by the music. Even Ye Cang was affected.

Little Ye Tian recalled their documented information. The Goddess of Nature's three daughters each inherited one of her main roles and gained many of their own minor ones. Of course, the Goddess of Nature was still the supreme deity.

Suddenly, applause resounded. Everyone cheered and worshipped. The three goddesses were touched. It had been a long time since they had such passionate believers. Their gratitude for Ye Cang increased by a couple of points.

“Eh, is this their debut...” However she looked at it, FrozenCloud felt like this was a stage performance.

Soon after, along with the restoration of the shrine, the three goddesses’ representatives took up their roles as class instructors. Later, a few more people came having received the goddesses’ summons. Each of them was assigned to serve under the three class instructors. Many hunters and assassins placed themselves in the Anya faction. The spellcasters joined Jam and Mallow; the difference was that Jam leaned towards nature summons while Mallow leaned towards druidic spells and offensive nature magic.

Of course, as the Goddess Association’s president, Ye Cang received both Linda and Maru Naya’s guidance. However, he could mainly only learn Anya’s skills. The rest he could only try and see. Maru Naya imparted on him a spear throwing skill while Linda taught him a new tactical skill.

Maru Naya’s Spear Fundamentals (Maru Naya - Beginner Level)

Throw: Deal 115% damage to a distant target.

Pinning Pierce: Store power for two seconds, then throw a spear type weapon with all your strength at a target near a wall or floor. Deals 215% piercing damage and snares the target. 
Cost: 30 energy. Cooldown: 3 minutes.

Spear Mastery: When wielding a spear type weapon, gain +30 proficiency and deal an additional 15% damage.

Puncturing Star: Store up strength and perform a short dash towards the target, then throw with all your strength. Deals 185% piercing damage, decreasing by 10% for each target that it pierces through. 
Cost: 35 energy. Cooldown: 1 minute.

Recall: Reach out and grasp at a thrown weapon, causing it to return to your hand.

Tactics - Attack / Defence: When acting as leader, your teammates receive +8% damage, +5% strength, +4% damage reduction and +5% constitution. Activate attack to increase the damage of all teammates by 30% and strength by 20%. Activate defend to decrease damage taken by teammates by 12% and increase constitution by 25%. Active buff lasts for one minute. 
Cooldown: 30 minutes.

As for the others, they also received pretty good skill rewards. Many people chose to start afresh. They left their original associations, discarding the skills they learned there, and chose to learn the goddess association’s skills. In a short period of time, the goddess association became the upstart association. Of course, compared to those old veterans, they were still far off. Even just comparing class instructors, they were like newborns but as an association, they could at least rise from lower middle to upper middle class.

As for those loyal and devoted members, with Ye Cang’s cue, Little Jade handed out the first issue of the Goddess photobook and a recording of the three Goddesses new hit single! Little Jade saw that the people all logged off the moment they received the photobook, making her facepalm.

ThornyRose covered her forehead and laughed bitterly. What made her the most speechless was that among the die-hard fans, 20% were women! Many of them were Anya’s believers and looked down on the ‘manipulative bitch’ Jam, saying that she was stealing the spotlight. Whatever the case, they were goddesses! Not idols! However, recalling how Ye Cang had brainwashed the three goddesses, it seemed about right...

The association was off to a good start. Little Ye Tian drew up the policies and passed them to the three class instructors as well as the supervisors, who would be in charge when they weren’t around.

Little Ye Tian even made three copies of the Giant Owl No.2, but their quality was far from matching the two in Ye Cang’s hands. However, they were still middle tier gold equipment, so were sold as the key attraction of their shop, instantly arousing an enormous amount of interest. Though fire-arms weren’t exactly rare in this world, they were still very uncommon among the players. Besides the pair in Ye Cang’s hands, there were no known gun users yet.

Meanwhile, Ye Cang had finished resupplying and brought everyone to continue leveling up. As a majority of people had come to Black Peaks, Little Ye Tian proposed that they head through the grasslands towards White Stone City. They could conveniently pass by White Stone City and finish up a hidden quest she had received from the church. The quest was to investigate the finances of White Stone City’s church.

To walk from Black Rock City to White Rock City would require many days. Ye Cang and the others were mainly leveling. Along the way, they met many packs of prairie wolves, but they were basically just free experience to his party, which was decked out in godly equipment. OldWangFromNextDoor gazed into the distance. *I’ve already transformed from a nobody to an expert...*

What gave Ye Cang a pleasant surprise was that his partner, the cyan eyed falcon - Little Blue Feather, reached level 10 and entered its childhood stage. Its body grew quite a bit, and its slender crown now extended all the way to its tail feathers. Its two eyes were exceptionally sharp. It spread its wings and leapt to the skies, overlooking the land from the heavens, serving as Ye Cang’s second pair of eyes.

Animal Companion (PaleSnow): Little Blue Feather 

Category: Variant Cyan Eyed Falcon

Grade: A+

Level: 10

Specialties: Proud Son of the Wind / Overlord of the Birds of Prey: Has a chance to directly see through illusions, increased effects with ice and wind skills, and greatly increase flying speed.

Attack: 36 - 40

Strength: 47

Dexterity: 71

Constitution: 45

Intelligence: 72

Wisdom: 80

Eagle Eyes: Extremely farsighted and can share vision with player.

Whirlwind: Instantly flap its two wings, creating tens of sharp wind blades.

Divebomb: From up high, rapidly spiral downward at a target, dealing heavy physical and wind damage. Damage is increased by flying speed.

Cold Wings: Fly past an area, dealing wind + ice damage to targets and cause slow.

Rapid Rush: Temporarily increase flying speed by 65%.

Ye Cang’s left eye emitted a faint light, sharing the sight of the airborn Little Blue Feather. He closed his other eye, focusing on the overhead view. Ahead of them was a hilly area. *Oh~ There’s a cave.* He cancelled the ability, returning his left eye to normal, then pointed in that direction and said, “There’s a cave over there. Let’s go have a look...”

SpyingBlade looked at Little Blue Feather, who was flying high above them. *Eagle Eye? It’s a good strategic skill. Team Leader even got a new tactical skill recently. It seems to be another burst type, one that increases attack power. Ranger… in the hands of Team Leader, it has a completely different meaning. Though the rumors are a bit exaggerated, but perhaps a truly omnipotent Ranger will be born.*
