---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 440"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 440: White Stone City**

Everyone looted the stronghold, then walked out of the tunnel to the outside.

Little Ye Tian looked at their surroundings and immediately recognized their location. This was a part of Ye Cang'a territory, the south-west region of the Callor Hills. Confirming their location, everyone went back underground and sailed the ship downstream to the middle area. Calculating the time, they continued downstream and arrived just in time for dinner. 

The disguised Ye Cang and SpyingBlade learned that the bandits had once again robbed a caravan today and were celebrating. Thus, those two pots of stew became their last supper. A surprise attack and ranged bombardment ended what should have been a dramatic battle. What made everyone sigh was that Ye Cang managed to loot the boss’ corpse, and got nothing as usual. Wu Na watched as Ye Cang vowed to get a godly artifact next time. He showed no signs of repenting, instead was looking at his divine hand, filled with confidence. This made her so angry she stamped her feet. Their painstaking work was for nothing.

Everyone came out from underground. It was currently nightfall. Climbing up the sentry tower, Little Ye Tian calculated that this should be somewhere deep in the hills near White Stone City. They could even see White Stone City's area after climbing to the top of a hill. This area was rarely traveled and had few monsters.

"Lastly, let's see where the underground river ends..." Little Ye Tian said. Everyone once again returned underground, and continued to sail down the river. Not even half an hour later, Ye Cang saw a fault in front of them. Continuing on would result in them falling down, and he didn't dare see how deep into the abyss it went. They forcefully stopped the boat and had Little Blue Feather scout ahead. Ye Cang activated his Eagle Eye skill, and using his shared vision, he looked down the bottomless waterfall. "It probably goes towards the core of the planet. For the current us, it would be sure death. Let's turn back..."

"To the planet's core is it?" Little Ye Tian began to map it out in her mind. If it really went towards the planet's core, then there would probably be another underground river down there, however there was still a chance that it would just lead to a dead end filled with water. Well, it was a matter for the future, "Father is right, let's go to White Stone City first..."

Everyone hurried through the night towards White Stone City. White Stone City's construction style was similar to Black Rock City's, but it was mainly composed of warm colors. Many players saw Ye Cang's group entering the city, and gaped in astonishment. CloudDragon quickly learned that Ye Cang had entered White Stone City and instructed people to keep track of their activity.

Ye Cang went directly to White Stone City's city hall. Using his status as a viscount of the Planetary Empire, he spent a large amount of money to purchase two pieces of land far from the city. When he saw the employee give him a weird look, he sneered. *Just wait until you realize the value of that land.* 

He then looked at White Stone City's remaining store locations. There were still large stores that require viscount rank to purchase, but only 2 were left, costing 400 gold. Without even thinking, he bought them. Then arrogantly left the city hall with a swish of his tiger skin coat, giving off an 'arrogant young master' like feel...

Meanwhile, Little Ye Tian quickly settled the church's financial problems by finding the perpetrator. She obtained the healing skill Circle of Healing (Perform AOE healing on targets in an area). White Stone City's archbishop - Kara, tried to urge Little Ye Tian to stay, even showing disdain for Archbishop Magi. Little Ye Tian broke out in cold sweat. It seemed like the two women had some sort of feud.

As for Lin Le, he reported to White Stone City's armed chamber of commerce, showed off his skill which made him a money collecting expert, winning him the vice-president - Carlos' favor. "As expected of someone Adosna thinks highly of, very promising..."

As for the rest, they toured around White Stone City's class associations. Ye Cang was no exception, except he directly used one of the stores and stuck the goddess association's trademark on it and flipped the sign to: 'Open For Business'. Then he notified Little Jade to have them send over some class instructors and receptionists to please guests. He also had Rica send over some people to open up another Happy Firmaments General Store.

"Um, Team Leader, isn't saying to please guests a bit inappropriate..." Little Jade said quietly, super afraid of Ye Cang. She had also witnessed how Ye Cang had ravaged the goddesses.

"You dare to refute me..." Ye Cang's words made Little Jade quickly shout out praise for Team Leader, even comparing him to the gods.

"Good, the goddess association over here also have to be handled well... Ask Linda to take care of it." Ye Cang said, then hung up the call, satisfied.

Little Jade passed on Ye Cang's words. Linda faintly frowned. They had yet to have a firm footing in Black Rock City. Although Black Rock City and White Stone City weren't too far from each other, but let alone travelling back and forth, they didn't even have enough instructors. Yet he wanted to open a White Stone City branch just like that? Wasn't it too rushed... She shook her head. As the goddess's representative, he should have his own ideas.

On the contrary, Rica's side was very efficient. She quickly found some promising shop assistants, as well as some experienced and somewhat reliable store managers and rushed them over. Rica was more worried about transportation of goods. Recently, caravans have been attacked or disappeared. The investigating teams had yet to find anything.

Ye Cang thought about who in Black Rock City he should inform. They had to be trustworthy enough to entrust with the task of bringing Rica's personnel to his territory in the Callor Hills, and board the boat he had left there and come to White Stone City. That would allow them to at least cut the travel time in half. With a sigh, he could only think of that crazy woman. "Hello, how are you..."

"......" ThornyRose felt her chest tighten and said unhappily, "What?"

Ye Cang told her about the underground river, then sent her the coordinates and had her bring Rica's people over to White Stone City.

ThornyRose raised her brows. *An underground river!? This guy must want to start a dock and transport business. This will be a huge profit. However, besides Callor hill, the other exits shouldn't be his territory. If word was to get out, no one would ever sell it.* 

"The other two stops..."

"I've already obtained the territories..." Ye Cang's words made ThornyRose immediately think of Little Ye Tian. With that girl around, there was no way for him to make a loss. A whole family of villains...

"I got it..." ThornyRose replied.

"Oh wait, help me secretly tell little Mar. It has to remain private..." Ye Cang told her.

"Ok, see you in White Stone City." ThornyRose said, then hung up the call and began to head to Rica's general store.

Now feeling somewhat idle, Ye Cang decided to take a stroll. He first looked for White Stone City's high-end auction, where a late night auction happened to be taking place. These auctions usually had good stuff... so he wanted to go check it out when a heroic voice called out from behind him, "Brother Pale Snow, I trust that you have been well..."

Ye Cang turned and smiled when he saw the person, "Brother CloudDragon, long time no see..."
