---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 441"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 441: Liliana

"Brother CloudDragon is as fabulous as ever..." Ye Cang's words made CloudDragon feel somewhat disgusted. *Where would you find someone who compliments a man with the word fabulous?* 

The passing pedestrians looked at the two strangely. "It's BL..."

"I'll get straight to the point, I want to invest in White Stone City's goddess association..." CloudDragon felt the hot gaze of the pedestrians around them, especially from the fujoshi. They were surrounded by a huge crowd and it was still increasing without limit. The power of gossip and rumors was more potent than he imagined.

"That's no problem. Later, I'll have Little Tian discus it with you. For now, is Brother CloudDragon interested in the high-end auction?" Ye Cang's words attracted CloudDragon's attention. The high-end auction house? With his current status, he couldn't enter yet but Ye Cang's status was actually high enough as a viscount. He nodded.

The two of them walked up to the high-end auction house. The guards took one look at Ye Cang's viscount medal, saw nothing wrong, and allowed the two of them in.

The current auction was not selling items, but people. Ye Cang frowned. White Stone City still has slavery? He had never seen it before in Black Rock City.

"White Stone City and Black rock City are both on the edges of the Planetary Empire, so slavery is still common..." CloudDragon had seen some unfortunate elves and humans being transported before, while leveling.

"We're now auctioning a female elf, surely no more explanation is required. Starting bid of 200 gold!" The auctioneer pointed at a female elf dressed in dregs. Though her long green hair, body, and face were all dirty, it was still obvious that she was a very attractive female elf.

"200 gold." Ye Cang took the initiative to bid. 

CloudDragon crossed his arms and smiled. *A gamble? Gambling whether or not there will be a hidden quest? This guy sure is rich, 200 gold didn't even make him hesitate.* He immediately recalled the amplification devices and soldier food, then shook his head, smiling bitterly.
 
"300!"

"310!"

Looking at the pitiful female elf, Ye Cang recalled how his granny had picked him up by a riverside. Clenching his teeth, he called out 500 gold. This was most of the funds he had on him, the rest was still with Rica and Little Ye Tian.

No one bid after that.

"Congratulations, you've obtained a follower."

The guards sent the female elf to Ye Cang. Ye Cang grabbed the iron shackles and tore them off. The female elf examined Ye Cang with her two eyes and exclaimed in fright, "You are..."

"Don't say it!" Ye Cang shouted lightly. The female elf quickly shut her mouth and nodded.

CloudDragon raised an eyebrow. *Oh, something's up? You are... they know each other? No, then it must have to do with race.* He recalled Ye Cang's night vision and language abilities. *Half elf? That must be what she wanted to say and it's true that half elves are relatively taboo. Though it is much better now than in the past but they are still existences that are discriminated against.*

"What's your name?" Ye Cang asked.

"Liliana," The female elf said her name.

"Mm, for now, work for me. I'm conveniently lacking a receptionist at the association, I'll doll you up and train you..." Ye Cang said, not planning to listen to her life story. He could imagine how tragic it was.

Liliana didn't understand, but still nodded. "Thank you..."

Follower Name: Liliana (Family Name Unknown)

Loyalty: Savior

Race: Sunfury Elf

Characteristics: Graceful, Lazy

Grade: A+

Non-combat Slave: very low fighting capability.

Specialites: Yet to be discovered.

Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat. She wasn't good at anything, and her power level wasn't even 5. How was her friggin grade A+? How could Little Blue feather endure this humiliation!?

CloudDragon didn't pay attention to the two of them. He looked at the next item and raised a brow. Boxes?

"Next up are three mysterious boxes. Truth be told, not even I know what is inside of them. Starting bid of 20 gold." The auctioneer said with a smile.

"So that's it. Something like a lucky box..." CloudDragon thought about it and was about to bid, when suddenly Ye Cang's two eyes became abnormal. *Damn, there is a corpse looting monster beside me.*

"20 gold!" Ye Cang roared.

"25!"

"30!"

"35!"

"40!" In the end, Ye Cang paid 40 gold to get the 3 mystery boxes and instantly opened them. There was nothing at all inside. He looked at the auctioneer and roared, "Fraud! There's nothing at all in the three boxes! I demand an explanation! This is clearly a scam!"

The surrounding people all looked over. There was really nothing in there. "Hey, that's too much. To actually dare to sell empty mystery boxes, who would buy anything from here in the future?"

The auctioneer rushed over to confirm, and they were indeed empty. He broke out in cold sweat. This place was filled with important people; with something like this happening, if he didn't handle it well, it would affect the auction house's reputation. He looked towards Ye Cang, "Dear customer, this was all due to our negligence. We will return your money and give you a big gift at the end... Dear guests, our White Stone City auction is definitely fair, please don't worry."

CloudDragon wiped the sweat from his forehead. He looked at Ye Cang who was humming a little tune. *This was clearly a problem of this bastard being too unlucky to draw anything, to the point that even the auction house felt that they did something wrong. They're even giving him a gift as compensation.*

In the end, CloudDragon spent nearly 100 gold, which was considered cheap, to buy a dark gold quality ring. Of course, it was only cheap when compared to the player's market. Ye Cang also received the auction houses apology and obtained a dark gold magic tome.

Advanced Magic Tome (Dark Gold - Mage's Tower)

Category: Tome on a Chain

Requirements: 150 Intelligence, 110 Wisdom

+20 Intelligence

+10 Wisdom

+20 Spell Power

+10% Magic Damage

Recover 2 mana every 10 seconds.

Incantation Recording: Can store three 5th level spells or lower. After use, requires one natural day to re-record.

Divine Flash - Advanced: Everyday, the tome will automatically refresh with three level 3-4 spells.

Ye Cang was very satisfied. It was perfect as a replacement for his current magic tome. CloudDragon looked at Ye Cang holding a magic sword, carrying a tome, two guns on his waist and probably many more weapons. Was he really building to be omnipotent? Looking at Ye Cang's sword, he could tell it was a good sword. He sighed at how Ye Cang managed to get dark gold equipment without spending a dime.

After that, Ye Cang notified Little Ye Tian to have her negotiate with CloudDragon and they quickly came to an agreement. CloudDragon waved goodbye, and Little Ye Tian began to size up Liliana. Although she was completely tattered, her bearing was still graceful; clearly someone from a good household. 

Ye Cang had been carrying around some tailored clothes in his bag. He made Little Ye Tian wash her up and change her into the new clothes.

Little Ye Tian looked at the peerless beauty in the mirror; Pointed ears, breasts that weren't milk-jugs but still above average, a simple one shoulder long-dress; even Liliana herself was stunned. 

Afterwards, Ye Cang arranged for her to live in the goddess association, then logged off to eat.
