---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 443"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 443: Earl PaleSnow**

Azshara raised his hand and touched the brand on the back of his neck. He looked at the moonlight and said respectfully, "That's exactly why all of us half elves must unite and survive, so that the tinders will not be extinguished... The tragedy following Vivian's uprising and defeat cannot be repeated."

"Right..." Little Mar recalled when he first arrived at the holy church and the cold attitude he received when they found out he was a half elf. If not for archbishop magi's and uncle Azshara's support, it would have been hard for him to advance.

LinHai, half-moon lake.

Ye Cang found that Zhao XiangYu improved pretty quickly, so he could let her try out vibrations. He motioned her over, "You can start trying one of the two variations, 'vibration'."

Zhang XiangYu raised her brows in delight. She could finally learn something new! She recalled the words Ye Cang had once spoken, vibration is making use of the air's resistance, opposite to the usual negation of air resistance.

Ye Cang reached to the bag on his back that looked like it held a long flute, and took out his thin, unmarked sword with the spiral flower handguard. 

Zhang XiangYu looked at the streamlined structure. This sword's speed was undoubtable.

"First, draw your sword..." Ye Cang began to demonstrate, slowly drawing his sword, "in such a way that it resonates with the air. Remember to use the method I taught you before to isolate it from the air but reverse it..."

Now, his sword began to shudder and release a resonant ringing. Ye Cang turned and faced the lake. One swing of his sword and the air boomed violently, like thunder beside her ears. Zhao XiangYu saw that the water blasted from the lake wasn’t in the form of droplets but was blasted by the vibrating sword qi into tiny vapors. It looked extremely beautiful under the moonlight; she couldn't help but sigh at how formidable her teacher was and the ease at which he executed that move. A seemingly simple variation had such terrifying destructive power.

"Understood?" Ye Cang sheathed his sword and replaced it into his bag before sitting back on the rock.

Zhao XiangYu nodded and tried to do as Ye Cang did, however, she couldn't get anything right. She frowned, feeling anxious.

"Don't rush, slowly feel it, one swing at a time. Only that way, can you truly grasp the resonant frequency. This isn't something that can be done overnight. This is the true test..." Ye Cang said with a calm smile, then grabbed a willow branch and instantly appeared behind Zuo Yiyi. 

Under the whip of the willow branch, Zuo Yiyi screamed out in pain, then fell into the water, "The angle is wrong..."

Zuo Yiyi got out of the water and spat out some that got in her mouth. She laughed bitterly in her heart. He could even discover that, wasn't he just guiding Zhao XiangYu? Although she wasn't very good at martial arts, yet she could still see how plain and unembellished it was. It could be said to be a very fatal killing move. It vibrated so fast that even the water was seperated. If it hit a person, their guts, blood and flesh would be instantly smashed apart.

Returning to the seaside cottage, Ye Cang discovered that he had nothing to do, so he lied down and slept.

In his sleep, Ye Cang dreamed while behind him stood Wu Na, ThornyRose, Little Tian, A'Xiong, Cold Moon, Hunting Flame, and the others. Not knowing why, he had to leave them one step at a time and throw himself into the darkness; an infinite darkness, without sound, without sight, he couldn't even feel himself. Suddenly, Ye Cang woke up and brushed his sweat covered hair off his forehead. Heading into the bathroom, he splashed fresh water onto his face to clean himself up, then looked at himself in the mirror. "A dream?"

Ye Cang arrived at the seaside and looked out at the sea which had past its prime season for viewing the sea of stars. He slowly regained his usual indifference. The sea breeze gradually picked up, blowing his messy white hair, making it dance madly.

Ye Cang calmly looked out to the sea...

"Brother Lil'White, can't sleep?" The sleepy Lin Le was planning to pee when he saw Ye Cang on the beach. The white hair was too conspicuous, so he walked over to Ye Cang's side, stretched, and began to pee into the sea...

Ye Cang also loosened up his trousers and joined him. "A bit, just want some fresh air. Lele, do you still dream of your mom and dad?"

"Mm, I even dreamed of them just now, but their faces were black so I can't see them..." Lin Le pulled up his pants, backed up two steps, and sat down on the beach. He watched as the waves came and washed the place he had peed. 

Ye Cang patted Lin Le's head. His parents had clearly abandoned him. "Hah, let's go. Back to bed..."

Lin Le was totally oblivious to the fact that Ye Cang had just touched his head with the same hand he peed with. This was because Ye Cang had recalled the first time he shook hands with Lin Le...

The next day.

Ye Cang received the message and arrived at Marquis Azshara's mansion. He saw them waiting for him, full of smiles and knew the Book of Appointments had gotten through.

Clay was puzzled as to why Azshara was supporting an outsider that had just arrived, and had even recommended him as an earl. The most important point though was that the man's baronship was personally conferred by himself, so he wasn't even able to refute. While doubting, Ye Cang's earlship was sealed. That white hair's promotion speed was truly fast. Thinking of his status as president of the nature faction, supporting the construction of shrines and clearing Prosperity Hill, he could only sigh. There was nothing to nitpick at.

Little Mar looked at Clay's doubtful expression, as well as the other three marquis's astonishment. *Soon, you will know.*

"Now we have a enormous piece of good news to celebrate, which is that our Earl PaleSnow has discovered a large underground river under his territory. It connects Black Rock City to White Stone City..." Azshara explained the plans for the underground river pier to them, especially emphasizing the words 'his territory'. Soon, he told everyone that the pier was being prepared. 

Clay frowned hard. *So that is their scheme! That damned Azshara! Well, what's done is done, it's too late to complain!* With a snort, he became a smiling senior, "Such a big thing yet you didn't consult with us? Marquis Azshara, Earl PaleSnow, that's a bit improper..."

"It's nothing, we only just received the news ourselves. We weren't intentionally concealing it..." Azshara sneered in his heart, but smiled gracefully on the surface. He hinted at Ye Cang to remain silent and to let him take care of it.

Ye Cang calmly stood at Azshara's side.

Clay sighed. Azshara, as well as the other Marquises reached an agreement. In exchange for participating in the pier, they would obtain a small share. This was part of Azshara's plan. It was impossible to keep them out, since Clay had a lot of influence in Black Rock City. As for the rest of the marquises, he wasn't afraid. They were just three idiots who would be consumed eventually.

"The benefits that come with this underground river are great, we must be careful. Pulling in the holy church is unavoidable and I've already talked with White Stone City's side. As for the construction of the pier, I've already inspected it. The land could be considered blessed by the heavens, it would be easy to expand. Both sides will need a large-scale trading port, we will be in charge of this die, while the empire will be in charge of the military port. I've already drawn up how the land will be divided..." Azshara took out a construction blueprint. Ye Cang stared blankly, not understanding at all. Little Ye Tian glanced over it. It was a pretty good plan but still a bit dull compared to her’s. She passed her blueprint to Ye Cang, who passed it on to Azshara, "This is our blueprint. What do you think?"

"Good. Very good! Then we'll go according to yours. Such ingenious design!" Azshara exclaimed while looking at the detailed and exquisite designs on the blueprint.
