---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 444"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 444: Battlefield Opening**

Little Ye Tian arranged the data. The new pier, Bal Village, the facilities surrounding the three goddess' shrines, White Stone City's goddess association branch; they had many gold sinks. Luckily, the labor force was considered cheap, so the plans laid out in her documents were quickly implemented.

And as the Happy Firmament group's leader, Ye Cang was training his elf servant Lilian. He began his plan to train her potential as a public relations expert! FrozenCloud only went in for a moment before decisively retreating back out. A long time later, she finally spit out a few words, "Very Team-Leader-esque..."

The Solam Bandit leaders' heads gave everyone another talent point.

On CloudDragon's side, he was heavily in favor of the goddess association branch. He allowed many newly arrived level 10 players in White Stone City to go there and change to new classes. Afterall, every class has their uses. He took into account the diversity of the team and also the fact that Goddess Jam had a branch class called Plant User which could obtain a very good, early level, aoe healing summon - Healing Flower Spirit. This made many holy church priests envious. It became a fairly popular support class. Nowadays, people looking to go to dangerous areas would shout, "Looking for flower fairies. If no flower fairies, then priests... Hah, we'll put up with priests..."

Ye Cang sighed when he watched the income from the general store arrive just to be immediately spent on the construction costs. He couldn't help but feel like finances were tight. While laden with grief, he pulled his elf servant Liliana over, "How’s work?"

"Everyone is very friendly and kind..." Liliana said, somewhat embarrassed.

"You'll slowly get used to it. Raise your head, stick out your chest and tighten your butt! Hair! Shake it up!" Ye Cang saw her slightly slacking off and quickly shouted.

Having gone through Ye Cang's hellish training, the moment Liliana heard his orders, she immediately recovered her svelte public relations officer appearance. Ye Cang nodded, very satisfied. He patted her shoulder and spoke meaningful and heartfelt words, "Very well done. Follow the association and you will eat and drink well..."

"Ok, president!" Liliana nodded heavily, but when she saw a new member come in, she still ran over somewhat bashfully and said in a lovable voice, "Do you require my assistance?"

Ye Cang saw that the new member who had just come was immediately confused. *Not bad, that girl has talent. She appears shy, but is actually concealing hidden danger. Normally, those who snare wealthy people are the one who are pure and endearingly silly, but are actually vicious man-eaters...*

"The Planetary Empire, Steel Empire, and Elven Kingdom are all ruling over their lands, but the three countries often war with each other. Brave Warriors, come fight for your country! Large scale instance dungeon system is now formally available! Opens once a week. Each player can choose to join once a week and death will return you outside! Successfully occupy or destroy the enemy's fort or kill the enemy's leader to gain victory! Achievements, equipment and treasures are all waiting for you~~" The system announced. The player's began to boil. The battlefield is opening!

"The fun stuff has arrived..." CloudDragon gripped his iron knuckles and smiled coldly.

Ye Cang stroked his chin and pondered. Hearing the system begin to talk about the rules, he didn't continue pondering for even a second before beginning to call everyone to assemble.

"Bro! Hurry! Let's go kill people. Recently we've only been killing parasites and bugs, I can't take it anymore!!!" Zhang ZhengXiong urged.

"Lele too!! Lele too!!" Lin Le was becoming excited.

"True, recently, besides a few dying bandits, there was nothing interesting. We should go vent a bit." SpyingBlade had his hand on his sword. Thinking the CloudDragon would also go, though they were both from the same Planetary Empire faction... but accidentally killing someone shouldn't be a problem.

"Let's go in first..." Ye Cang said, then brought everyone into the battlefield instance transfer.

Looking at the surrounding densely packed players, he couldn't help but sigh. Little Ye Tian turned and saw an armoured man with a mustache in the army camp. That was probably their superior officer.

"Soldiers! The trash of the steel empire has already arrived at Batos hill! I will guard the rear! Everyone better return with good news! For the glory of the Planetary Empire!!"

Most of the players rolled their eyes. *What do you mean guard the rear and wait for good news!? Does he think that we're idiots!?* However they still raised their arms and shouted weakly, "Glory!!"

Ye Cang's group didn't follow the crowd, instead they stayed in a small group and kept their distance, advancing alone. Luckily they had a map of the terrain and Little Ye Tian had begun to create a virtual map of the area.

Meanwhile, CloudDragon had already reached the frontlines and brought his people to guard a ravine. What made CloudDragon raise his eyebrows was that he discovered ThunderShock from the League of Tyrants! There were people from the League of Tyrants! That meant that on this battlefield, he would definitely meet FlameEmperor... Things were becoming interesting.

LordAsked hid in the jungle and managed to ambush the people from Hundred Flowers, making them suffer disastrous losses. He slayed FieldLily with a few strikes of his sword, then turned and said with disdain, "Women will always be women, so weak. Where is that brat, FlameEmperor?"

NalanPureSoul sighed. His assigned battlefield was different than Ye Cang's. He had been sent to assist the battle against the Elven Kingdom. He looked at the woman on top of a distant ravine - MistyVeil. Facing her in a battlefield like this one was the worst, however, NalanPureSoul's raised his shapely eyebrows and his lips faintly curled into a smile. *It seems like it will be interesting...*

By contrast, Ye Cang's side was guarding a twisting path. Half an hour had already passed, yet it was completely devoid of life.

"Bro, we've already been sitting here and playing board games for over half an hour..." Zhang ZhengXiong said as he played with his holy sword card, activating its effect and removing Lin Le's Earth Bear's evolution.

"Haste makes waste..." Ye Cang said indifferently.

An hour passed, a cold breeze blew past them. There was still no one that had chosen to take this path. Everyone was becoming restless.

"Brow, let's go to the front lines. Then we can kill as we please..." Zhang ZhengXiong had already given up.

Ye Cang sighed, crossed his arms and entered his one second thinking mode, then he clapped and said, "Good plan! To the front lines! Where's SpyingBlade?"

"Team Leader, he left when you started playing board games..." FrozenCloud replied.

"Such an anti-social guy. Let's go..." Ye Cang sighed once again. Everyone followed the sighing Ye Cang and rushed towards the front line.

At that time, CloudDragon had already confronted Flame Dragon Union's legion. Lord's Reign, League of Tyrants and Heavenly Oath were in a chaotic melee. The war was extremely devastating.

CloudDragon looked at the long red haired, heroic man holding a two-handed sword in the distance. He had a grandeur as if he was looking down on the world and brought his lackeys with him as if taking a stroll. CloudDragon clenched his fist and brought VastSea and a few others over.

FlameEmperor glanced up and saw the oncoming LordAsked and CloudDragon. Resting his sword on his shoulder, he motioned for the two of them to come...

The Archer of Death - Fireworks faintly smiled. He was Flame Dragon's strategist, adviser, and also main archer. One of the federation's top three archers.

The League of Tyrants and Heavenly Oath were also part of the Steel Empire. If Flame Dragon fell, then it would also affect them. Afterall, no one wanted to lose their first battle. He aimed at CloudDragon and his arrow shot out like a beam of light, arriving instantly. CloudDragon's figure swayed. Ding! The arrow was knocked out of the air. He actually chose not to dodge. "Have your master come play with me and prepare to be defeated..."
