---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 445"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 445: Chaotic Warfare**

CloudDragon! Fireworks clenched his teeth and glared at VastSea. If it weren't for him...

FlameEmperor stepped forwards and swung his sword. CloudDragon dodged sideways and performed a revolving kick. FlameEmperor sneered, freed one hand and grabbed his food. Taking a step to defuse the force, he swung his sword again. CloudDragon quickly pushed off the ground with his hands, twisting in midair to dodge and his head tried to headbutt FlameEmperor's jaw. Their bodies were pretty much tied together.

FlameEmperor laughed. *As expected of a genius, it's a pity but you're still not my match.* His sweeping sword seemed to defy physics and stop, then struck CloudDragon's forehead with a pommel strike. He then raised his two-handed sword high. VastSea quickly charged over to defend, blocking the fatal blow, then swung his sword, cutting down an incoming arrow.

FlameEmperor looked at VastSea who had knocked CloudDragon out of his attack range, and then entered a defensive posture. That guy always appeared at the most opportune moments. Sidestepping BlackIce's Icicles, he performed a backhand swing to block LordAsked's surprise attack and said with disdain, "He's finished and you're next? Trash..."

LordAsked frowned. Only FlameEmperor dared to treat him like that. He laughed, without getting angry, "Is that right? You arrogant brat..."

LordGrinned spoke while foolishly pinning down ColdFront, "Bro, he's only one year younger than you..."

Veins throbbed on LordAsked's forehead. *That bastard! !@#$%! Just whose side is he on...* 

CloudDragon recovered from the stun and his battle intent surged. As expected, FlameEmperor was strong. He brought VastSea and YellowSprings to assault with him. BlackIce provided support from behind. 

"CloudDragon's earlier ambush resulted in the loss of many of my brothers. I have to repay the debt..." ThunderShock rushed up to intercept. Heavenly Oath also helped Flame Emperor suppress the Lord's Reign forces. LordAsked and FlameEmperor struck back and forth, but it was clear to see that FlameEmperor held the advantage...

*F\*\*k, this freak.* LordAsked could only defend and occasionally counter against FlameEmperor's invulnerable attacks, making him feel sullen.

FlameEmperor sneered and raised his two-handed sword high. Then suddenly, he raised his brows and turned to strike behind himself. Clang!

SpyingBlade was a bit shaken by his instant reaction. Such keen intuition! Since his sneak attack had failed, he was instantly put at a disadvantage! His two swords crossed in front of him, blocking an attack, then taking advantage of that to leap back into the crowd and hiding himself. In the end, he disappeared. FlameEmperor raised his brow. *DarkBlade, his agility is not bad. It's impossible to catch him in this sort of situation.* He continued to confront LordAsked, while staying vigilant against an assassin's sneak attacks, especially DarkBlade. Just from that one exchange, FlameEmperor could tell that DarkBlade's equipment was unusually good; perhaps even better than his own.

CloudDragon kicked StrongBlondy away with a Rising Dragon Kick and was about to pursue when he sensed an assassin. He turned his body to dodge and performed a sweeping kick, knocking ClearMoon out of her stealth. At that time, a long sword stabbed through ClearMoon's throat, then slashed, brutally beheading her.

"It's you..." CloudDragon watched as SpyingBlade smoothly slipped back into the melee and hid. *Where did those guys go? If we had ShakingBear's auras, how would we be having so much trouble. It seems like ThornyRose's group has Heavenly Oath's reinforcements under control. This battle is too chaotic and too sudden.*

An eagle cry sounded out from the distance.

FlameEmperor split his attention from LordAsked and raised his head to look at the falcon with the long, slender, beautiful crown. This wasn't a creature who should appear here. Whose pet is that?

Far away, one of Ye Cang's eyes was glowing, observing the battlefield through Little Blue Feather. "Everyone go to the frontlines. I'll go find a sniping point."

Saying that Ye Cang headed towards the northwest hill that he saw from Little Blue Feather's eyes. When Zhang ZhengXiong arrived, his allies at the front line were suddenly twice as strong. FlameEmperor frowned. What was going on? There's an aura! Who is it!? His gaze landed on Zhang ZhengXiong who had sent someone flying with his heavy axe. "I'll finish him off first..."

"HeavenShakingMight, back up! They will definitely focus fire you!" CloudDragon shouted.

"Who's afraid of them! I have more than enough life saving skills!" Zhang ZhengXiong grinned. With a swing of his huge crystal armguard, rainbow lights shot out, immediately blinding a large group of people. He then activated his axe's skill, releasing a ferocious moon-shaped horizontal chop, beheading tens of people. Resting his heavy axe on his shoulder, he looked to FlameEmperor, made a taunting gesture, and issued a furious challenge, "Weren't you going to focus me down? Come if the have the guts!!"

"Come!!!" Zhang ZhengXiong's astonishing roar made everyone tremble.

Seeing the instant boost in morale, CloudDragon trembled with excitement. This was a top-level frontline general. He couldn't help thinking of a historic person... Zhang Fei...

FlameEmperor smiled malevolent, "Just a piece of trash! Dare to bark at me!? Charge! The world is FlameDragon's."

The two sides began a ferocious attack. Little Ye Tian continuously healed Zhang ZhengXiong, CloudDragon and LordAsked; their three frontline generals. Zhang ZhengXiong's terrifying defence and health left everyone intimidated. This whole time FlameEmperor's two-handed sword had only taken about half his health.

Zhang ZhengXiong also sighed. This guy called FlameEmperor was truly very strong. His axe had not touched him once! However, FlameEmperor also had no way to deal with him! 

Desperate Prayer! He instantly unleashed a large-scale healing skill, healing majority of CloudDragon's and LordAsked's health back.

FlameEmperor frowned. This HeavenShakingMight's defence and life were too high. And he even had so many life-saving skills. Damn! Focusing on him is exactly what he wants! They had wasted so much firepower! They hadn't even killed CloudDragon or LordAsked! He turned and saw Lin Le's unstoppable massacre. He had brought a group of swordsmen and breached their rear! Not good! "ThunderShock, BlackForestMoon, ColdFront, Fireworks, you all guard here. I'll go intercept them!"

"You want to leave!?" Zhang ZhengXiong activated Fearless Charge. Super Speed triggered, and he instantly crashed into FlameEmperor. FlameEmperor was a bit startled. Such a fast charge!? He blocked it with his sword but was still knocked flying. Flipping in the air, he stabbed his sword in the ground and slid for nearly seven meters. Some holy light was faintly burning on his body. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong disdainfully. "You... Very good."

Saying that, he suddenly felt the ground had become somewhat hot and quickly shouted, "Disperse!!"

FlameEmperor activated his movement skill and felt raging flames rush past his back. In a moment, nearly a hundred people had died. After regaining his balance, he raised his head to see a person on a distant hill. He had a wolf head hood, tiger skin cloak and raging flames in his hands. "The head of the three brothers..."

Ye Cang's Flame Burst shot forth. FlameEmperor quickly avoided but was still hit by the shockwave and lost a bit of health. His brows raised more than ever and he said in a cold voice, "Really New Village's Three Brothers..."

Ye Cang saw that he hadn't gotten a direct hit and shrugged. Pulling out his two guns, he instantly locked onto 20 targets and activated Anya's Berserk Shot, Multishot, Explosive Bullet, Explosive Energy Bullet and then shot rapidly in overload mode. FlameEmperor sensed the rain of bullets. He attempted to block with his two-handed sword, but was still hit by a few. He squinted his eyes. He couldn't allow him to continue dealing damage from high grounds! "Fireworks, bring some people to restrict him..."

Fireworks brought some elites and rapidly circled around to the back of the hill.
