---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 446"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 446: Humiliation**

"Oh, someone is coming around..." A light flickered in Ye Cang's left eyes as he removed the magic crystals which had their energy exhausted and replaced them with new ones. With his two guns ready, he put them back at his waist, then pulled out his ballista from his bag and pointed it at Lin Le's area. The one called FlameEmperor wasn't easy to deal with. He was too powerful, perhaps even more so than himself in a duel. He had really taken the virtual world too lightly. Whether it's LordAsked, CloudDragon, or NalanPureSoul, any of them could proclaim themselves among the best but this FlameEmperor... He was even more troublesome. Ye Cang decided to think of a way to take him down...

Ye Cang found some cover, loaded his ballista, then commanded Little Blue Feather to use Divebomb at FlameEmperor. Little Blue Feather dived down with a spiral. FlameEmperor quickly activated an jumping skill and avoided the dive but the people behind him weren't so lucky and were hit by Little Blue Feather's Divebomb. Just as FlameEmperor jumped, Ye Cang's finger pulled the trigger, instantly unleashing a Meteor Shot...

FlameEmperor was alarmed as he turned to look at the shooting star that was about to pierce through him. *The guy on the hill was waiting for this...* With a cold laugh, he left behind an afterimage and once again dodged. While at it, he killed a few of Mad War's core members while he continued to pursue Lin Le.

Ye Cang shook his head and smiled bitterly. Truly very strong. He could even dodge that. Even after all that, he was still saving such a fast movement skill. Putting away his ballista, Ye Cang recalled Little Blue Feather. The people who had circled around were about to arrive, so he had to at least leave them a nice surprise. Pulling out his magic sword, he activated Hunter Imprint Conceal and began to move towards Fireworks and his group while stealthed. Standing on the hillside, he could see the ascending people. Suddenly, he became visible and pointed his finger. Fireworks was startled and quickly leapt onto one of the rocks by the road. As for the swordsmen that he had brought, they were blasted off the hill and annihilated by Ye Cang's Assenroches's finger. 

Ye Cang sidestepped an arrow and began to shoot back with his guns. He shot while leaping backwards and while diving to the side, evading everything. His firing never stopped though. This made the accuracy seeking Fireworks too sad for words. He couldn't keep up with the fire-rate so could only evade and shoot an arrow back from time to time. Ye Cang was unexpectedly fearlessly shooting while advancing. In the time between arrows, he shadow stepped to Fireworks' back. His hand was already ready to pull out his shadow pike. With a pike covered in shadow frost, he struck at Fireworks' heart from behind. Multiple Straight Thrusts, Shadow Strike - Multiple Straight Thrusts! Fireworks was insta-killed! Walking up to the unwilling Fireworks, he pet his head and imparted some heartfelt teachings, "Next time remember not to walk on the path. Also... your shooting could be improved, it's too slow. You can thank me..."

"You..." Fireworks felt his chest tightened as he disintegrated into white light.

Ye Cang arrived at the overhanging cliff, jumped off, and grabbed onto Little Blue Feather's claw. He then began to glide while shooting with his right hand, looking very awesome. ThornyRose, who was assisting Lin Le, saw the gliding Ye Cang. *That bastard's boasting is getting better and better.*

When he arrived above the frontlines, he let go and fell. In midair, a green light flashed, then a wave of flower fragrance brushed past Zhang ZhengXiong and the others. Their health began to continuously heal. Then a watery light flashed, and a Healing Stream was cast on Zhang ZhengXiong. Seeing him once again restore over half his health and that it was still healing, everyone besieging Zhang ZhengXiong just wanted to die. He was already hard enough.

"I'll go help Lele. A'Xiong, Lil'Dino, Fang Ci, Wang, you guys help guard here..." Ye Cang said, then began to run in Lin Le's direction.

"Don't worry bro! With me here, there's nothing they can do..." Zhang ZhengXiong sneered and looked at ColdFront and them contemptuously, giving rise to a demonic aura.

CloudDragon raised his brows. *FlameEmperor is mine!* "VastSea, take over!"

Saying that CloudDragon also followed. LordAsked began to swear, "It will never be you brats' turn to !@#!!$!! Smiley, watch this area for me!"

"Ok bro! Cloud..." Ji Xiao didn't even get to finish speaking before LordAsked shouted ruthlessly, "F\*\*k! This time I'm not waiting for your bullsh\*t! Watch this area for this boss! If you embarrass this boss again, watch me tear you apart!"

LordAsked brought a few elites to break out of the encirclement, then immediately rushed away.

BlackForestMoon and BrilliantZhuge noticed something was wrong so sent some reinforcement to FlameEmperor from the back.

Lin Le looked at the pursuing FlameEmperor and co. They all looked really strong, but he shrugged and shouted, "Everyone who chases me is a stupid head!!"

FlameEmperor looked at incoming tens of bottles. "Disperse!"

Immediately Lin Le had thrown out molotovs to interfere with his pursuers' path. Many people were hit by the oil and started burning. It managed to separate the pursuers who didn't manage to cross.

"Go around!" FlameEmperor said, but ThornyRose, who had come to help, blocked the way. "Lele, leave this to us! You and Little Ren, don't stop!"

"Don't overestimate yourselves! HeavensDomain, kill them! You guys over there continue chasing..." FlameEmperor snorted, then raised his sword and charged. FullFlame followed.

ThornyRose's heart sank. FlameEmperor, China's strongest active athlete. Seemingly perfect. If one had to choose who was closest to the Golden Generation, then it could only be FlameEmperor, ChildOfLight and those people. With a tender shout, she activated her weapons' ability. Various sword slashes shot forth. FlameEmperor laughed disdainfully, easily avoiding them. He looked as relaxed as if he was taking a walk. His hilt smashed into her chest and then a blade stabbed at her throat. FrozenBlood instantly appeared, blocking this attack. FlameEmperor smiled. His hand whipped forwards. Though it appeared slow, but it instantly struck FrozenBlood's jaw, stunning her. With a spin, he knocked her flying with a Rising Dragon Kick, then taking advantage of the motion, he avoided ThornyRose's shield slam and slashed at her shoulder followed by a punch at the back of her head. He slowly reached down and pulled her up by her hair. He readied his sword and sneered, "Trash will be trash. Second rate will always be second rate. Your struggle is futile. Rose, don't you see?"

FlameEmperor looked at ThornyRose. Despite being stunned, but her burning fighting spirit had not extinguished in the slightest. "Obstinate, die..."

There was a cold flash. FlameEmperor raised his brows and held his sword up to block the suddenly arriving pike. Ye Cang grasped the pike and jumped, saving ThornyRose. His hair billowed in the wind, and he faintly smiled, "Hello, your opponent is me. FlameEmperor, is it...?"

"Head of the Three Brothers... So FireWorks is dead?" FlameEmperor narrowed his eyes. He didn't bother paying attention to ThornyRose going to help FrozenBlood take on FullFlame. "Full, I'll leave those two to you, don't disappoint me..."

"You're looking down on me too much. For better or worse, I'm still your elder cousin." FullFlame smiled as he seemingly easily took on ThornyRose and FrozenBlood.

ThornyRose recalled the disgrace from earlier and felt extremely sullen. She gnashed her teeth. FrozenBlood was also not in the mood to smile. The two of them concentrated their attention completely on taking on FullFlame.

Ye Cang saw the struggle in ThornyRose's eyes and his heart trembled. *As long as you continue to fight, there will come a day when your dream will be fulfilled. I don't know when, but at least right now, this bastard, even if I have to die to do it, he better not think of leaving. However... It's been a long time since I've felt this excited.* He narrowed his eyes, and tightened his grip on his pike, pointing it at FlameEmperor...

The two of them faced off. FlameEmperor's lips curled into a smile. *Let me see your abilities... you so called brother hero.*
