---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 447"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, shinydragonmist"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 447: FlameEmperor**

Ye Cang gripped his pike which had begun to burn, bringing up the temperature! Flame Lotus activated!

FlameEmperor stood sideways with his sword in front of him. He mocked Ye Cang with his easy going attitude.

Streaks of shooting stars flashed by. Ye Cang had struck with a Straight Thrust. Confronted with a rapid thrust, FlameEmperor knocked it aside with his blade. Flames exploded out in the shape of a lotus, so he quickly raised his hand to protect his face. After knocking the flames away, he made a fist and smashed towards the back of Ye Cang's head. Ye Cang quickly shadow stepped to his back. Multiple Straight Thrusts! Three flame lotuses bloomed but a black flash cut through the three flowers.

"Clang clang clang!" FlameEmperor easily and accurately knocked all the fast as light thrusts away! The flame lotuses were also reduced to withered flame fragments by his sword dance.

Through the shredded flame fragments, Ye Cang saw FlameEmperor's easy going attitude. So this was China's number one gamer? As expected... he really deserved that title. Multiple Straight Thrust comboed with Flame Lotus actually didn't do any significant damage. It had been completely blocked! Shadow Strike - Multiple Straight Thrusts!

The moment the shadows appeared, without even turning around, FlameEmperor pressed his hands on the shadow pikes and performed a spinning jump attack, dispersing them. Taking advantage of his momentum, he instantly launched a FullMoon Counter at Ye Cang. Ye Cang quickly deflected it, dispersing the force but his heart still sank. Something felt off about that attack. It was seemingly slow yet actually fast, throwing off his intuition. Truly too powerful. Drawing back his pike, he activated a Dashing Straight Thrust! Striking directly at his throat! Shadow Frost Strike!

FlameEmperor slightly leaned and confidently dodged the attack. The blossoming ice flower was simply blocked by his hand and sword. Ye Cang's moment was also obstructed by this move! FlameEmperor shook the ice off his frozen hand, flinging off the countless ice fragments, and smiled, "A bit numb..."

Saying that, he held his sword in one hand and struck violently towards Ye Cang. One sword met one pike. Ye Cang didn't dare relax, because he knew that a single slip was all it would take to die to that sword. This FlameEmperor was a freak! What the heck! His reaction speed wasn't any better than CloudDragon! But... only after fighting him would one know that, this red-head was too strong! That sort of absolute suppression, even though it had no effect on Ye Cang, but that invulnerable intuition was truly...

With a shout, he activated Mirror Image, leaving behind a water clone. While stealthed, he launched a surprise attack from the side. The moment he stepped out of stealth, he felt a dangerous tingle on his neck. He pulled back like a spring and a cold glint flashed past his nose. A few of his white hairs were cut. Looking at the sword that had cut them, he saw it once again turn back. Holding a pike in one hand and a tonfa in the other, Ye Cang activated counter! FlameEmperor raised his brows, surprised. *Good guy, his reaction is better than mine!* Being successfully countered by Ye Cang, he leaned back. A shadow spear passt by and he also felt it brush past the tip of his nose. A few strands of hair that had been cut by the sharp point fell. *This guy isn't simple...* He instantly stood back upright while also launching a Rising Dragon Kick! Ye Cang protected his jaw with his hand but was still kicked away a short distance.

The two of them simultaneously flipped back. While backflipping, Ye Cang stabbed out with his pike which FlameEmperor spun his body and caught with his hand. Suddenly, with a yank, he pulled the unbalanced and airborn Ye Cang over. He swung his sword with one hand, striking forth with three slashes. Ye Cang twisted his wrist and his body twisted like a dancer's, positioning the pike above his head. 

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The sound of three sharp strikes rang out.

ThornyRose watched the two's hair-raising exchange. Although Ye Cang was at a disadvantage, but he still had the energy to counter... While she herself had not even been able to retaliate. Perhaps, against a once in a century genios like FlameEmperor, herself and FrozenBlood would never enter his eyes. However! One day, she would win against him! Even if, only just once!

FrozenBlood was knocked back by one of FullFlame's attacks. She smiled gently, "Rose, we might look like geniuses to normal people but compared to true geniuses, we're only normal people. Although we can study, but we're only at the level of substitutes when compared to those geniuses. However, after seeing you defeated time after time and standing back up time after time, finally, barely defeating Qin ZhongYue, I discovered something; actually, I've always known since we were young but I only confirmed it at that time; you're really a complete idiot..."

"Get lost!" ThornyRose shouted unhappily. Gripping her longsword tightly, she looked at the frivolous FullFlame, and took a deep breath, "Icy, thanks..."

FrozenBlood froze for a second, before turning away and whispering, "So evil..."

*This woman...* ThornyRose's hand trembled as she suddenly blocked FullFlame's chop. Then her sword chopped forth as she once again, together with FrozenBlood, countered with all their strength.

CloudDragon hurried over and saw Ye Cang and FlameEmperor's exchange. *Good guy! That hero bastard really has a distinctive fighting style.*

After Ye Cang blocked the three slashes, he pulled his pike out of FlameEmperor's hand. As he was thinking about attacking, he saw the sword hilt coming at him again. *I know what's wrong now. This guy doesn't seem to follow the rules of physics.* Smiling bitterly, he directly detonated his water clone. Water fiercely struck, separating the two of them. Ye Cang was knocked by, doing his best to maintain his balance in midair. His pike stabbed into the ground, as if pole-vaulting and he once again flipped to the ground. Pulling back his pike, he aimed the tip at FlameEmperor, then turned and saw the incoming CloudDragon. "Go! I'll give you a boost..."

CloudDragon was originally intending to engage but hearing these words, he felt a bit disgusted.

FlameEmperor protected his body, the moment, the explosion happened, but was still launched back over 10 meters. Landing with a flip, he steadied himself by stabbing his sword half a meter into the ground. *Brother Hero, interesting... Super fast reaction speed, clean style, fiery nature. Against him, even if I win, I would take some damage. He looked dull but is actually a leopard.* He looked at the two and stretched his neck. He pointed his two-handed sword at the two and said in a belittling tone, "Come together. One is not enough for me to enjoy myself..."

CloudDragon frowned. Although he was discontent but the man in front of him was qualified to say that. Ye Cang faintly smiled, "This is pointless. SpyingBlade, you're here!!"

The moment FlameEmperor split his attention, Ye Cang once again struck with a Dashing Straight Thrust.

FlameEmperor smiled. *This guy..* He deflected the pike with his sword hilt and followed up with a Heavy Strike. His body leaned sideways while performing the heavy strike, dodging CloudDragon's Wyvern Kick. At the same time, he suppressed Ye Cang. Facing the two of them, FlameEmperor became excited. It had been a long time since he'd been so happy. Qi strikes, pike shadows and sword slashes; the three of them seemed to interweave with each other. CloudDragon and Ye Cang worked together flawlessly, while FlameEmperor's defence and counter-attacks were flawless. Both sides were evenly matched, locked in a desperate battle.

LordAsked saw the three of them fighting, and trembled all over. "F\*\*k, I'm late. If I go now it will be unfair! This boss still can't afford to lose to that person! Hah, seems like I can only join that Crazy Lele..."

LordAsked shrugged and charged towards FullFlame while cursing. His shield smashed all three of them away, then he turned and continuously pushed FullFlame back with his sword. Then, a flying kick smashed FullFlame into a wall. LordAsked spat to the side contemptuously, "I'll take my anger out on you. F\*\*k, how can a grown man bully two women. Grow up..."

LordAsked didn't continue attacking. Instead he cursed some more as he walked away.

ThornyRose and FrozenBlood watched LordAsked's back, somewhat speechless. The Tyrant - LordAsked, his individual strength was definitely no lower than CloudDragon's. Looking at how FullFlame glared at his back but was unable to do anything, the two women sighed. So this was the gap between them...
