---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 448"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 448: Victory**

Lin Le slid to a stop. Carrying his enormous sword, he strode forwards leading a team of swordsmen as well as Mad War's second tank - MadShield, HateToTheBone and BlackIce, who had to listen to his orders for the greater good.

Greeting them were tens of fighters. MadShield didn't even have time to intercept them before Lin Le unleashed his three-strike sword drawing arts. His enormous blade created three cold flashes as it instantly beheaded nearby besieging enemies. He didn't even slow down, killing his way forwards. Little Ren would leap to those who hadn't die and send them off with his dual blades. BlackIce sighed, she breathed heavily but still had to follow and bombard the stronghold. She turned and cast an area of effect ice spell. Just as the ice passed, Lin Le followed up with a few molotovs.

BlackIce looked at Lin Le. This guy might not be so stupid. He even knew these kiting and mobbing tactics. However she saw it, it wasn't something a random primary school kid could do. What she didn't know was that, he never thought about tactics. He just wanted to delay for a bit and wait for Ye Cang to arrive.

As for Ye Cang's side, they were currently in a deadlock, completely unable to escape. The three of them only got braver the longer the fight went for. Ye Cang's two eyes focused and he let slip a malevolent smile; his pike dancing like a dragon. CloudDragon raised his brows at this. *This guy, this is the first time I've seen him show such battle lust.* The corner of his lips also curled into a smile. *As expected of a good rival! And a good teammate!* Taking advantage of the gap Ye Cang created, he struck out with an Ax Kick.

FlameEmperor raised his shoulder and used it to guard against the Ax Kick receiving significant damage. The moment he was stunned by the skill, he activated his debuff removing skill. His two-handed sword stabbed into CloudDragon's shoulder. Ye Cang's pike decisively stabbed through CloudDragon's other shoulder and into FlameEmperor's chest. Meanwhile, FlameEmperor stepped forwards and thrust his two-handed sword, stabbing through both of them. CloudDragon spat out blood, one hand grabbing FlameEmperor's sword arm, the other hand smashing towards his chest which was pierced by the pike.

ThornyRose saw the three of them had fought until they were this desperate, yet still didn't let relax in the slightest. They were all still striving to take out the enemy. Meanwhile, on her own side, she was not able to clinch victory after such a long time. FullFlame's strength should be at a Heavenly King's level. It was unlikely that they would be able to kill him quickly.

SpyingBlade was actually hiding the entire time, controlling his breath the entire time. Until now! He suddenly appeared behind FlameEmperor.

FlameEmperor raised his brows. Danger! His shoulder struck at CloudDragon, who was pierced by both the pike and his two-handed sword and smashed him in the jaw. The moment CloudDragon relaxed his grip, he pulled his sword back and with a reverse grip, he stabbed it behind him from under his arm. The angle was perfectly aimed at the attacking SpyingBlade's chin.

SpyingBlade twisted his body, giving up on attacking. Landing on the ground, he began to combo with his weapon. FlameEmperor kicked away CloudDragon and Ye Cang who was behind him. Using the reverse force, Ye Cang pulled out his pike and backed up a few meters. Tossing his pike into his shadow, his right hand grabbed Giant Owle No.2's right hand pistol and his left hand remained ready on his tonfa in case FlameEmperor decided to attack him.

While falling back, CloudDragon took out and ate a soldier food. After stabilizing himself, he charged in once again.

SpyingBlade moved like a ghost. After exchanging a few moves with FlameEmperor, he could feel some sort of strange pressure, putting him at a disadvantage. CloudDragon's assistance helped to reduce the pressure. Meanwhile Ye Cang furrowed his brows. *I can't increase the distance! If he attacks me, I'll be alone!* Putting away his gun, he once again drew his pike and joined the three man melee with a Dashing Straight Thrust. Being attacked by three people, FlameEmperor slowly lost the wind in his sails but still had the room to counter attack. The three of them didn't dare to relax one bit.

ThornyRose watched this scene and could only force a smile. FlameEmperor...

As for FrozenBlood, she dodged FullFlame's triple strike and spat out the words, "Three heroes vs Lu Bu..."

"......" ThornyRose blushed with shame, it really was a fitting description though.

"You should look after yourself before talking about someone else..." FullFlame swung his two blades, becoming three whirlwind like strikes. ThornyRose quickly protected FrozenBlood, raising her shield to block the gusts of cutting wind. FrozenBlood took this chance to consume a Soldier Food, explosively increasing her health. 

FullFlame frowned. *Not good, they have a powerful health potion!* He began to attack even more fiercely.

ThornyRose relaxed. Now that he was becoming anxious, it was their turn to fight calmly and steadily! She faintly squinted her almond-shaped eyes, looking for an opportunity to launch a fatal attack...

Lin Le saw that only HeavensDomain and some strangers were behind him, as well as some normal soldiers. Changing a few pieces of equipment, he activated his lifesteal aura, and stopped advancing. When he turned around and charged, HeavensDomain and Instant couldn't help but freeze up. BlackIce also couldn't react. *Without saying a word! A counterattack! You could have at least warned us!*

"Mad Devil Le, this time I will get you back for that previous disgrace..." HeavensDomain held his longsword firmly.

BlackIce looked questioningly. *Oh right, HeavensDomain was insta-killed by the primary schooler back during the cemetery battle.*

Lin Le directly killed his way into the crowd and began a massacre. The tigerkin Little Ren also fearlessly followed him, his two blades reaping lives like wheat. His speed and jumping power made it hard for people to target him.

Instant entered stealth, hiding himself. The tigerkin Little Ren opened his eyes wide. He leaped back a large distance and also entered stealth.

The moment Instant approached Lin Le, he suddenly appeared and went for the killing blow. Instant attempted to block with his daggers but with the large disparity in strength, Little Ren's left saber directly slashed at his throat. Then a powerful knee strike arrived, knocking him flying into the air. In a single leap, Little Ren arrived and slashed numerous times. Instant... watched his health fall and heard the hiss of a tiger by his ear. This tiger was clearly the bane of assassins...

Meanwhile, HeavensDomain never would have thought that he would once again get killed by Lin Le in a single strike. Although BlackIce's magic had trapped him but seeing Lin Le not put him in his eyes, not even turning back to look once to make fun of him, it was as if Lin Le had just killed a bandit. This was the worst humiliation he had ever suffered since he was born. He spontaneously looked at the carnage Lin Le left behind. *Mad Devil Le! I'll definitely make you remember me!!* Then turned into white light and disappeared.

LordAsked saw that Lin Le's side had finished their battle and began to shiver. He directly walked up to a Flame Dragon Union swordsman. "No one come!"

Stunning him with his shield, his heavy longsword directly cut him in half. Then raised his head and roared, "\*\*\*\*! Do I only get to idle around!? Impossible!! Dammit!"

LordAsked looked at BlackIce and Lin Le, in a terrible mood. "You guys continue! I guess I'll go back and f\*\*k up FlameEmperor and them!!!"

The moment LordAsked arrived and saw FlameEmperor slowly losing the 1 vs 3 battle, "The third legion led by HappyAndCheerful and BlackIce have successfully slain Aluna, ending the battle. The Planetary Empire Wins!!"

FlameEmperor glanced at the three of them. His lips curled into a smile and he waved, "See you next time. Hopefully you can still make things fun for me..."

"Definitely..." Ye Cang's pike stabbed into the ground and he waved back.

"Humph..." CloudDragon snorted, waiting for a chance to settle the score. Though this battle was a victory, but he was not happy at all.

"Dammit. F\*\*k! F\*\*K!!" LordAsked began to flip out.

Ye Cang looked at LordAsked speechlessly. ThornyRose shrugged. "He's just like that. Win or lose, crushing defeat or decisive victory, he can accept it all. The only thing he can't accept is being useless..."
