---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 450"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, Blaze, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 450: Continue Exploring**

For the next few days, Ye Cang brought his party to level in the Black Peaks mountain range. Along the way, he met many players who would either bow or salute while greeting him, "Greetings President!"

Ye Cang waved his hand and their group advanced towards Anya's Ghost Peak. He had employed the local hunters in the northern guardpost to be in charge of safety for the workers there. Regarding Anya's recovery, many hunters were extremely thankful, because after Anya fully recovers, they would be able to go there and gain enlightenment on the hunt...

Ye Cang stopped at the base of Ghost Peak, "Last time, we stopped exploring here. There are very few players who can make it this far, and those who could would have run out of supplies by now so wouldn't want to come. While Anya's shrine and the stop-over villages are still under construction, let's go check out the south-western mountains... "

"Father's idea is not bad. The Black Peaks mountain range is very large. The players and ourselves together have at most explored 30%! It could be said that a majority of it is still unknown. Of the remaining 70+%, one part lies past Ghost Peak, with another two parts lying east of Jam’s shrine and north of Mallow’s shrine. All three of these directions still lead to the unknown. The levels of the creatures and demon beasts there are nearly doubled, so most players are still at the three shrines..." Little Ye Tian took out a pen and connected the three points, marking the safe area. She then marked the few guard posts in the Black Peaks, which were practically all within this area. There were only two guard posts situated deep within the mountain range. One of them was at the south-west of Ghost Peak and the other, far north past Mallows shrine. The two of them were called guard posts, but they were really just hunting villages conscripted by the Planetary Empire, becoming guard posts in name only. "The region around the three shrines is where a majority of player activity is concentrated... Past that, the demon beast's strength becomes too much for ordinary players..."

"Sister Rose and the others went towards Jam's shrine." FrozenCloud pointed to the area east of Jam's shrine.

"It must be related to their quest..." SpyingBlade smiled.

"In these few days, I want to break through to level 20!" Ye Cang looked at his experience bar which was 50% away from level 20. At level 20, he would be able to return to the association and learn a second set of skills.

"True, let's first help boss obtain his second set of skills and talents, then go back to Black Rock City's association. Hehe..." OldWangFromNextDoor began to laugh like a creep. Everyone glanced at him sympathetically, then sighed. They directly circled around Ghost Peak into the depths of the mountain range, leaving behind the somewhat embarrassed Wang.

"I'll definitely get a girlfriend this year!" OldWangFromNextDoor shouted in humiliation at everyone's back.

"Who wants to bet?" Ye Cang said without even looking back at the others, as he scouted a path for them.

"2 million federal dollars on him not getting one this year..." FrozenCloud directly laid down her bet.

"I'll also bet 2 million... on him not getting one." Wu Na said, somewhat distressed over her wages.

"I'll bet, I'll bet. I bet that Wang can do it! I'll bet, I'll bet, umm, 3 million federal dollars..." Lin Le went all in with his allowance money.

Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong raised their brows in surprise. "We're with Lele! 3 million!"

"I'll bet 1 million federal dollars, betting against..." Fang Ci took out his first month's wages and bonus.

SpyingBlade smiled with his arms crossed, "3 million, also against."

Wang saw from the back that none of them had paid him any attention and were each making their bets. He sighed heavily. *Boss is really too cruel.*

Then he caught up, "I'll bet 1 million that I can!"

"You've got guts! A true man!" Zhang ZhengXiong approved of Wang for the first time.

"Do you have a target yet?" Wu Na teased.

"Little Jade!" Old Wang said seriously. Everyone froze, then all turned around.

"Yesterday, <My Chaotic Youth Romantic Comedy> got shafted..."

"Oh I heard about that. Sisters season 2 has entered its preparatory stage."

"The earlier they start on Sisters 2, the better. Lele can see A'Jiao and the others again."

"It's said that Sister 2 will have a new character, someone called Lily..."

"You mean that man who loves A'Xiang!? Apparently he went to get plastic surgery somewhere. So it turns out that that was foreshadowing..."

"Can we please not talk about that drama."

"Ignorant woman..."

Wang watched everyone chat about the drama as they walked. *Hellooo, we are teammates, right? Can't you give me some encouragement...*

While chatting, they heard a roar. Countless trees were snapped, revealing a dark brown hide and a single eye. A six meter tall, ape-like creature appeared. From the fact that it could completely sweep aside the trees, it must have been a strength type. 

Ye Cang identified it.

One Eyed Ogre (Elite - Abyss): Ogre is a very generic term. This one should be classified as a type of rock ogre. They taste good raw and both their attack and defence are extremely strong, giving them extremely destructive power! According to the legends, they are offspring of the cyclops and female ape type creatures. Extremely low intelligence. 

Ye Cang began shooting with his guns. Looking at the resulting damage, he saw that his damage was reduced by at least 50%! "Everyone be careful. This guy's defence and strength are both very high, but its intelligence is low!"

Zhang ZhengXiong charged up, sidestepping the rapidly approaching fist and crashed into its crotch. A howl of pain immediately followed his Holy Judgement.

Wang gasped. Being hit like that, in a spot like that, just looking at it hurt...

SpyingBlade slashed, and looked at the resulting blade scar that showed no damage to the flesh. Sure enough, it's defensive power came from its rock like skin! He launched a combo, focusing all his attacks on the blade scar, instantly causing a spurt of blood to shoot out.

Ye Cang watched as everyone besieged it and pulled out his ballista. Against guys like this, this type of weapon was best. Aiming at it, he began to charge up a Meteor Shot. Summoning his Shadow Weapon - Heavy Crossbow, the queen and king bee bolts both locked onto it, then the two bolts pierced through it, killing the ogre.

"This thing is just an elite? It feels like fighting a miniboss." Wu Na said.

"Indeed. However, that was mainly because of its strength and defence. Since a creature like this has appeared, it means that somewhere in this area should be their lair..." SpyingBlade analyzed.

"If there's a lair, then there's a boss..." Little Ye Tian said calmly. SpyingBlae slowly nodded. At least based on his experience, things such as these rarely broke this pattern.

"If there's a lair, then there's treasure. Hurry, hurry. Onwards, onwards... Explore, explore..." Ye Cang's two eyes began to redden and he could feel an itch in his hand.

SpyingBlade saw that he was full of fighting spirit and decided that next time he found a chest, he would directly tell Lele. That guy's boss and chest success rate was still 0% up ‘til now. Just how unlucky does one have to be to accomplish that. And he wasn't even including the chest type things that he found when exploring individually. Just thinking of that made SpyingBlade laugh bitterly...
