---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 13"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

So I changed IceBlood to FrozenBlood.

It feels really wierd translating these names into english, but since they are online ID's I guess it makes sense to.

---

**Chapter 13: The Resentful Rose**

Chapter 13: The Resentful Rose

"Go! Save her!" Ye Cang prepared an arrow and shot the boss. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le leaped down the hill.

Unfortunately, GreenDew still couldn't escape the bosses pursuit. The boss stepped on her to restrain her and murdered her with it's beak. As she fell fell bleeding, she raised her finger little by little towards the three and said vaguely: “I’ll fucking... you...”. Her hand went limp and fell as she died sorrowfully.

“Hah~ We still couldn’t save her...” Ye Cang sighed.

“This boss is too hateful. We must definitely take revenge for them!!” Lin Le firmly held his axe as he righteously roared.

Zhang ZhengXiong borrowed the force from sliding down the hill to leap over, his machete ferociously chopping down on the monster’s neck. As he landed, he positioned his shield and deflected the incoming peck. Lin Le ducked and avoided the already tired claws, his large axe chopping down on the monster’s waist. Ye Cang shot an arrow at it’s eyes. It let out a bird shriek as the three of them finished it off in no time at all.

“Congratulations, you’ve succeeded in slaying ‘Monstrous Bird’. Received 300 experience.”

The three were just a little bit away from reaching level 6.

Lin Le looted the boss. Ye Cang slid down the hill and asked: “What did we get?”

“A skill book and a wand!” Lele held a book in one hand and a wooden wand in the other. The wand had some feathers decorating the end. 

Crossed-Eyes (Rare - Skill): To use, cross your eyes and look at the target to confuse them for a period of time. Receiving damage will end the effect. Must lock eyes for at least 1 second to take effect. No resource cost. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Monstrous Bird’s Wooden Wand (Fine)

Category: Wand

Requirements: 10 Intelligence

Attack: 2 - 4

+1 Intelligence

+2 to Magic Effects

Minor Wind Blade: Release a minor wind blade to attack a target, dealing 15 damage. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

“Wow, a good wand. And there’s even a rare skill book...” Zhang ZhengXiong praised.

“Let’s give the skill book to Lele. As for the wand, currently only I can wield it. Depending on the situation, I can use it...” Ye Cang gave the book to Lele and stuck the wand by his waist on the right. He then took out his longsword to dismantle. He received: Monstrous Bird Meat, Monstrous Bird’s Claw, Monstrous Bird’s Feathers, and Monstrous Bird’s Beak.

Lin Le used the skill book, then turned to look at the bodies of the girls which were turning into white light. He started praying: “Rest in peace, your enmity has been avenged...”

“...”

“Bro, I think we should hurry and escape.” Zhang ZhengXiong said, feeling a bit guilty. “If they come now, they probably won’t understand our explanation. I feel we should give them some time to calm down. Time can heal all wounds. If we meet again and explain properly, maybe we can still get their contact information and be friends and whatnot. After all, we were trying to help, even though there was a little accident.”

Ye Cang raised his head and pondered. After not even a second, he agreed and said: “Good plan! Retreat!”

The three of them hurriedly withdrew from that location.

On the other side, in Really New Village, there were three extremely gloomy woman outside the farms. ThornyRose’s peerlessly handsome oval face had a hideous gloomy expression. The veins on her forehead looked like they would burst. She gnashed her teeth and said sternly: “I definitely won’t forgive those three bastards.”

“GreenDew, did you see what they looked like?” FrozenBlood’s eyes burned with fury from having the boss stolen. Even her leader died such a miserable death having her behind pierced. No matter what, this enmity must be avenged! Her eyes became cold.

“Not very clearly, however there was a white haired one. It was a bit far, but the one who shot the bow should be a knight. Before the boss killed me, I saw a big man who should be a fighter. He had a blade in one hand and a shield in the other. There was also a short guy holding a two-handed axe. He should also be a fighter. Should we inform those near Really New Village?” GreenDew didn’t see clearly but had some impression.

ThornyRose took a deep breath and saw her level was now 5 with 0%. She said in a low voice: “Tell everyone in Really New Village, if anyone discovers them, immediately tell me. I will personally take revenge! Especially that white haired knight with the bow!! Let’s go! Hurry and level. This time we have to be ahead of the bitches at ‘Fire Beacon Beauties’.”

“Mm.” FrozenBlood nodded. Fire Beacon Beauties was also a famous guild in China. They were old rivals of Thorns and Roses, enemies for life. Fire Beacon Beauties’ chief ‘BornFlirty’ and ThornyRose were completely incompatible.

Speaking of China’s guilds, the biggest 4 guilds were: Flaming Dragon Union, Mad War, Misty Rain House, and Freedom Alliance. They were each managed by a famous family.

Back in the forest, Ye Cang’s group of 3 continued to explore and harvest ingredients. They came across a small, inactive volcano - The Bachiya Lava Hole. There, they found even more dangerous creatures. The one that gave them the biggest surprise was unexpectedly a slime. 

Red Slime: Slimes that can shoot flames. Often found in blistering hot places.

“Bro, it seems our feud with the slime family is as deep as the ocean...” Zhang ZhengXiong muttered, looking at the red pimple on the black earth.

“First, let’s see if this thing is strong or not!” Ye Cang using a tree as cover. He leaned out, readied his bow and shot the slime’s eye. It let out a strange scream and charged towards the three. It’s body faintly glowed red as it spat out a fireball towards Ye Cang’s location.

Ye Cang quickly hid and let it hit the tree. He signaled Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le to start. The red slime looked at the two people who jumped out, and spat another fireball at Zhang ZhengXiong. He blocked with his shield, although he still took damage, it was only around 10 or so. The machete cut into the soft, steaming body and some hot, red fluid spurted out burning his hand. The three of them were now in melee range. Ye Cang took out his wand and cast a wind blade that quickly killed the slime.

“Bro! This thing can be considered easy to kill. The experience is pretty good too.” Zhang ZhengXiong looked at his health and saw he only lost 18 points. He used his shield to heal 6 health. 

“Mm, it’s much easier to kill than the pythons...” Ye Cang nodded. The pythons that hid in the shrubbery had high health, killing them was strenuous, and it didn’t give much experience. After the slime died, they received Red Slime Gel, Red Slime Oil, and Red Slime Eyes. The three continued and killed about 10 slimes.

Ye Cang slowly took out his iron pot and sighed. “We should heal...”

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le nodded, feeling numb. “Bro, didn’t we get some bird meat recently? Let’s temporarily not eat slimes. Let’s eat something good. Look at that bird, it’s so fat, it’s gotta be pretty good...”

Lin Le nodded continuously. “Exactly! Exactly!”

“But we still have a ton of green slime and feral wolf stew. It’s such a waste. Oh well...” Ye Cang hesitate for a bit before throwing the bird meat into the pot. He thought for a bit and and decided it was too simple so added some python meat, salt, pepper, chili, and some wild herbs they picked. He discovered that his bag was getting empty.