---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 20"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 20: A Bat in a Lava Cave**
 
“This ring is pretty good, it can save you some time healing. Moreover, you never know if that little bit of health will save your life. Most importantly, it’s a ring.” FrozenBlood assessed. GreenDew saw that it wasn’t useful for her and lost her interest. ThornyRose was a bit moved, her ring finger was still empty.
 
“Lets bid on it. The highest bid gets it and everyone splits the money. What do you guys think?” ThornyRose stated her opinion. Rings were rare and 1% lifesteal was pretty good.
 
“We’re fine with whatever.” Ye Cang shrugged.
 
“How much can we raise by?” Zhang ZhengXiong also wanted it. Lin Le just listened to Ye Cang.
 
“Let’s do 10 silver.” ThornyRose thought a bit and decided to use the standards for a fine equipment. Afterall, it’s a ring.
 
“What's the highest you’re willing to bid?” Ye Cang asked, playing with his eyebrow. 
 
“30 silver. “ ThornyRose didn’t know why he asked. Did he want her to pay the max price?
 
“Give me 30 silver and it’s yours.” Ye Cang said holding out his hand. 
 
“Then you have to have 30 silver to force me to bid that high!!” ThornyRose said, putting her hand on her forehead.
 
Ye Cang took out a gold coin, and tossed it into the air and covered it with both hands: “Guess which hand?”
 
“Guess your sister!” ThornyRose chest tightened. This kid was so rich!? Right now money was extremely hard to get. In a bad mood, she took out 17 silver coins and said: “This is you three’s share, the missing silver is repayment for opening our coin bag.”
 
“Eh? You can do that?” Ye Cang took the money and didn’t know what to say. “That bag was probably empty from the start. It was fake.”
 
ThornyRose glared at him. Lin Le thought of something, he took out 3 gold coins and gave it to Ye Cang. “Brother Lil’White, I forgot to give it to you to safeguard.”
 
“Oh right, here’s mine too.” Zhang Zhengxiong also took out 3 gold.
 
The three girls couldn’t help gasping. This was already 6 gold. They definitely got it from completing a mission. If each of them had 3 coins, then didn’t they have 9 gold altogether?
 
“Lowlife… Cough~ Cough~. PaleSnow, how about selling some to me? You don’t have to worry about the price.” ThornyRose earnestly asked.
 
“Bro, let’s sell some to Sister Rose.” Zhang ZhengXiong added in. He then pulled Ye Cang over and whispered: “We’re running out of money for this month. The ‘Leach off our siblings’ plan failed and Lele didn’t receive any help from his family...”
 
Ye Cang counted his gold holding back tears. They had over 20 gold, it should be ok to sell 10 or so. Although Ye Cang hadn’t played games before, he knew that this money would serve as their foundation in the future. It would be used to buy equipment and whatnot. Seeing that gold was still rare, he sighed and thought for a bit. “At most i’ll sell you two gold.”
 
Thorny Rose followed the current price in the black market of 100 federal dollars per copper, and transferred 2 million federal dollars. She reached out her hand and said: “Now give it to me.”
 
Ye Cang took out two gold coins and unwillingly handed it over. “Please treat them well...”
 
“...” ThornyRose speechlessly received them.
 
“We can eat well this month.” Ye Cang turned back and smiled.
 
“Brother Lil’White, Hurray!” Lin Le happily cheered like a child.
 
The three girls thought to themselves again, just how young was Lele? ThornyRose was speechless as she watched the three of them. She felt the three of them were all weird, but they gave people a simple and happy feeling. She didn’t know why, but being with them was very comfortable. She saw Ye Cang’s smile that was not cold nor weak and thought of her old grievance. She gnashed her teeth. She hadn’t given up on her revenge, she was just waiting for the right time! 
 
After a little break, ThornyRose shivered and looked at the food in the pot. No matter how many times she ate it, she couldn’t get use to it. FrozenBlood also couldn’t help showing some emotion each time. GreenDew’s hands unconsciously shook as they rested on her thighs.
 
After healing up, everyone started looking around. Seeing the path on the right, the six of them cautiously advanced, following the right passage. Ahead, the narrow passage opened up into a 100 meter wide cave. In the middle, there was a tepid pool of water which reflected the torchlight. The sound of dripping water echoed throughout the cave as drops fell from the many different sized stalactites. Ye Cang looked up and stopped his steps. “Wait. There’s a boss inside! It’s a bat!” 
 
Everyone stopped. Ye Cang squinted to see. Above the pool of water was an enormous bat. It suddenly opened it’s eyes revealing two red and ferocious lights. It looked at the people not far away. Screech~! A high pitched, ear piercing sound resounded.
 
Volcano Bat Chief - Sai (Rare Elite)
 
After the shriek, dozens large nocturnal bats opened their eyes, releasing ominous lights. 
 
The sound of flapping wings echoed throughout the cave.
 
“Retreat back to the passage! Don’t let them dive down on us!!” ThornyRose yelled. Everyone hurriedly withdrew towards the narrow passage. “Keep to the walls! Don’t get dived on!!”
 
Ye Cang looked towards the passage. There was a volcanic rock protruding on the left side. He hurried to it and called everyone: “Come to me!!”
 
Once everyone leapt towards the volcanic rock, ThornyRose frowned looking at the boss. One boss was already troublesome enough, and now there's small ones too. They need to control it a bit. “GreenDew cast magic missile! PaleSnow, attack too. Shoot down as many as you can!”
 
GreenDew began chanting her magic. At this moment, a big shadow as well as dozens of smaller shadows flew past everyone, narrowly missing. They could feel the wind from their wings. The bats had trouble turning to get behind the rock protrusion and whizzed past them into the narrow passage. Ye Cang prepared his bow and several arrows shot out hitting several bats on their wings. Magic missiles were also whistled into the passage, hitting several bats.
 
“Don’t stand around! Take your torches and go in! PaleSnow, what’s it like inside?” ThornyRose quickly advanced towards the passage and everyone closely followed her. Ye Cang shot his bow as he moved. He dived into the passage entrance. “There are many stalagmites and boulders. We should be able to hide!”
 
ThornyRose estimated the length of the cave. It was probably about time they encountered the bats. They’ve probably had long enough to reach a wider area and turn around already. She hurriedly shouted: “Come here to this pillar!!”
 
The group followed ThornyRose and arrived at a nearby large stalagmite.
 
“Me and Zhang ZhengXiong will take on the big one. FrozenBlood help us pin down the others. PaleSnow, Lele, GreenDew, focus on clearing up the smaller ones. We’re short on time, so provide support whenever you can. Anyways, they should be in disorder now, and there should be a few who can’t fly anymore in the passage, nothing dangerous.”
 
Ye Cang had nothing to add to ThornyRoses division of duty, so he nodded. He left the stalagmite and found a nearby hiding place. He counted the arrows in his quiver, and figured there should be barely enough. He leaned out from cover, preparing to shoot his bow, and took a glance at Lin le and the magician girl. He suddenly couldn’t remember her name. “Lele, remember to protect that whatever her name is.”
 
“Ok!” Lin Le cleverly nodded. He looked at GreenDew and very seriously urged: “You. My Brother Lil’White told me to protect you. Listen well, don’t run all over the place, ok?”
 
GreenDew heard that Ye Cang and Lin Le unexpectedly didn’t remember her name. As for Lin Le’s tone which was like he was talking down to a child, made her chest feel heavy. She glared at him but not lowering herself to their level, she said grumpily: “I’m not called you. Remember, I’m called GreenDew.”
 
“Whatever, focus on the battle. Really…” Lin Le complained quietly. He held is axe tightly and shrugged, acting all high and mighty.
 
GreenDew felt a burst of rage, her heart felt like it would stop.