---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 25"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 25: Lava Lamia**
 
Ye Cang dismantled the crystal slime’s body and received: Slime Crystal, and Slime’s Crystal Eye. 
 
Slime Crystal: The body of a Crystal Slime. Edible.
 
Slime’s Crystal Eye: A beautiful and valuable crystal eye. There is probably a gem collector that would want it. Can be used for cooking after grinding into powder.
 
ThornyRose really wanted to know just how many ingredients Ye Cang was carrying and what they were. His gathering skill was really too broad, from as small as a mushroom to as big as a boss’ corpse, he could gather them all. Although Ye Cang’s skill was just for obtaining food items, it was taught by Dodola, a legendary chef that had traveled the world. In his eyes, there is nothing that can’t be eaten, only who to serve it to. For example, the customer was a monster that liked eating ores, Dodola was able to put together a delicious ore feast. 
 
The party passed by a passage and a bridge, making their way to the bottom. They started running into less and less monsters. On the way, Ye Cang gathered many Volcano Mushrooms and a few Iron Ore. Afterall, he wasn’t a miner that could dig, he could only pick the ore that were on the surface.
 
“A’Xiong, carry these slime gels and bat meats, my bag is filling up.” Ye Cang reached into his back and dumped a pile to Zhang ZhengXiong.
 
“Oh, well give them here...” Zhang ZhengXiong realized his bag was pretty much empty, besides some acid flasks and whatnot.
 
Soon, everyone was able to feel the air heating up. They should almost be at the bottom. In front of them was a stone bridge over a wide lake of molten earth. On the other side, cracks could be seen everywhere in which the lights emitted by the lava flickered. The temperature was much greater than before. Looking left and right, besides a few stalagmites and stalactites made of volcanic rock, there weren’t any other obstacles. In the distance, Ye Cang saw a never before seen organism slithering along the ground. It looked a bit like a demon. On it’s head was a horn and it had yellow scaly skin. It’s bottom half was a bit like a lizard except it didn’t have legs. It’s top half was very well built, it’s two arms extremely buff. It appeared to be resting. In it’s hands was a three meter long, dark red single bladed axe.
 
Ye Cang estimated the boss’ length, and it was at least a terrifying 7 meters. If it stood up, it was probably 4-5 meters tall. “Careful, there is a big boss inside. Demonic Elite, Lava Lamia...”
 
Lava Lamia - Curse (Demonic Elite - Rare): A dangerous lamia that lives near lava. Contains many valuable cooking materials.
 
Ye Cang’s words shocked everyone’s. ThornyRose could barely see anything. Only Ye Cang could see so far. While she was waiting, she could faintly saw a figure by relying on the flickering lava, but it was very vague. So the Rune Stone they found should be for dealing with this guy. Looking around at the cracked ground, it seemed to be related to the boss’ AOE fire attack. She drew her longsword. “Don’t alert him. Let’ look around inside first.”
 
The few of them carefully tread on the volcanic rock until they could finally see the boss. He looked like someone they really shouldn't be messing with. ThornyRose frowned, these humanoid creatures all have some intelligence and were usually strong. Just looking at that massive axe and his big and solid arms, it was obvious that his strength was considerably high. Further, her own fire damage probably wouldn't do anything to it.
 
Everyone hid behind a stalagmite. Zhang ZhengXiong asked: "Bro, how do we handle it?"
 
"What do you think?" Ye Cang put on a brave face as he stroked his chin and looked towards ThornyRose who was holding the rune stone tightly.
 
"Shaking Bear! You have to be sure to pin him down since you have the highest fire resistance and constitution. Furthermore, your armor also gives you a fire barrier. Take as much damage as you can on behalf of the team." ThornyRose didn't say anything else. She had more or less said what needed to be said. Zhang ZhengXiong had the talent to become the world's number 1 tank. Given some time, she wouldn't have to worry about a thing with him tanking.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong nodded without speaking.
 
"What about me? What's my job?" Lin Le inquired.
 
"You and FrozenBlood flank his left and right. Watch out for his axe and attack him when you have the chance. Don't get too greedy, if you discover any danger, retreat." Ye Cang really approved of ThornyRose's assignments. It was about the same as what he would have done.
 
"GreenDew and PaleSnow, you two focus on attacking from the distance and providing support. That's about all. Finally, when I call to gather, stop whatever you're doing and run towards me. This boss definitely has a big move." ThornyRose finished her explanation and everyone nodded.
 
"Then let's start..." Ye Cang cut off any further explanation. He looked towards Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le. "You two, give an acid flask to each of FrozenBlood and GreenDew." Saying that, he opened his pack and handed one over to the confused ThornyRose.
 
ThornyRose looked at the flask in her hand. A very useful offensive consumable item. The damage was not low, and most importantly, it had a corrosive damage over time effect. She couldn't help curiously looking towards Ye Cang and asking: "How many more do you have?"
 
"I only have 2 left, and everyone else should have one. There's no extra." Ye Cang shrugged.
 
"Give me one more." ThornyRose said, holding out her hand. Ye Cang obediently handed another one over while complaining:  "You're acting like their worth nothing. We had to kill 10 green slimes for their acid to make this. We even needed to buy an empty bottle..."
 
ThornyRose rolled her eyes, taking the flask.
 
FrozenBlood looked at the small bottle in her hand and thought: “This thing's not bad.”
 
"Since he's still resting, we should all throw an acid flask at him." ThornyRose said, preparing to throw a flask. Everyone slowly walked out from behind cover.
 
"Throw!" ThornyRose quietly shouted.
 
6 acid flasks, Bang~, exploded on the lamia, Curse's body. He let out an angry howl, and roared in a language they they couldn't understand. His's whole body emitted corrosive green smoke. 
 
"He said something like: F* S* of a B*. Who was it!? Then it was just a chain of profanities." Ye Cang explained. Unexpectedly, he could understand it.
 
ThornyRose was surprised. He could understand other languages? Thinking it over, it could be that half elves start with a few other languages. But right now it wasn’t important. She shouted: “Shaking Bear! Go!”
 
Saying that, the two of them charged over. FrozenBlood and Lin Le split up and ran on the two sides. Ye Cang raised his bow and shot an arrow at his’s angry eyes. The lamia simply waved his arm, knocking the arrow down. Ye Cang quickly hid behind a stalagmite, and looked towards GreenDew. “Done?”
 
GreenDew shook her head without stopping her magic.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong went right up to the creature’s face, leaning his body to dodge the oversized axe’s attack. He jumped, his machete hitting the creature in the face. ThornyRose activated flame strike, stabbing at the creature’s chest, then quickly pulled it out and backed up. She smiled bitterly: “Looks like he’s immune to fire damage.”
 
Curse suddenly let go of his axe with one hand and the back of his hand slapped towards Zhang ZhengXiong. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly raised his shield and blocked. Although the damage was very small, the force was large enough to knock him to the ground. Curse used a single hand to lift the oversized axe preparing to chop down. At this time, an arrow accurately hit him in the corner of his eye, bringing about a spurt of dark blood. Lin Le’s jump attack was also smashing down on his head from the side. Curse lifted his free arm to block Lin Le’s attack.