---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 28"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 28: Welcoming the Sun**
 
Hearing Ye Cang urging her to go first, ThornyRose didn't know what to say. Without making a fuss, she grabbed the rope and started climbing across. She looked pretty athletic and skilled. The hatred she had for Ye Cang lessened by a bit. It turned out this smelly guy still has some good points. She quickly reached the middle.
 
"My bad. I didn't send you out of the volcano. It's been a long time since I've last appeared, my mind is still in disorder, and I almost forgot. Brave warriors..." A familiar voice was heard. The red silhouette slowly appeared again. Everyone quickly turned around, slowly processing the meaning of those words. They could directly leave? Then they didn't need to risk crossing on the rope.
 
Just at this moment, the stalagmite that the rope was tied onto broke and the rope started falling. ThornyRose who had already climbed to the middle, and was angry at the silhouette, fell with it. She looked at the red silhouette still slowly condensing and the bubbling lava below. She looked at Ye Cang’s back, and before she even got to curse at him, she splashed into the magma. She didn’t even create any bubbles before she vaporized.
 
Ye Cang turned around and looked at the rope that had disappeared. He found it hanging on the other side, the tip slowly burning and he froze. “...” 
 
FrozenBlood and GreenDew noticed what had happened and their mouths hung open, shocked. Her hatred probably just grew again. Too bad they couldn’t put all the blame on this PaleSnow.
 
Lin Le turned back and was a bit confused. “Where’s Sister Rose?”
 
Zhang ZhengXiong absentmindedly pointed towards the bubbling magma.
 
Lin Le rejoiced, patting himself on the chest. “So dangerous. Good thing I didn’t go first...”
 
“I’m going to send everyone out now. Oh right, didn’t you have another companion?” The warm, red silhouette finished taking shape and asked everyone.
 
“Umm... She was in a hurry and returned first...” Ye Cang rubbed his nose, somewhat embarrassed.
 
“...”
 
Everyone was transported to the entrance of the volcano.
 
“What do you think she’s doing now...” Ye Cang murmured, looking towards the sun. He secretly took out a gold coin and placed it in FrozenBlood’s hand. 
 
FrozenBlood followed Ye Cang’s gaze. She quickly put away the gold coin and stretched while nodding. “She should be raging at the revival point. However, I’ll put in a good word for you. The sun here is so beautiful...”
 
The sun was just rising from beyond the forest. The warm light warmed up everyone's hearts.
 
“Yeah, beautiful...” Ye Cang crossed his arms and smiled.
 
GreenDew was covered in cold sweat. This bribery went too naturally.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong was full of admiration. Resolving the issue indirectly, worthy of being my bro. The great strategist of the east!!
 
Back in Really New Village’s resurrection area.
 
ThornyRose lifelessly stood there, her two eyes staring blankly. She slowly walked out and saw the warm sunrise. It warmed up the depths of her heart. She faced the sky and screamed. “F* you! I’ll definitely kill you!! Son of a B*!! Scumbag! Ahhhhhhh!!!! AAAAHHH!!!!!!”
 
The other players that just exited from the resurrection area shivered. Just what terrifying encounter did she have.
 
A familiar player walked out. “Yo, if it isn’t leader ThornyRose. What a coincidence.”
 
Having her unbound rage interrupt, she turned her head to look at the speaker and frowned. “YellowSprings? You died?”
 
“Couldn’t help it. We met a rare elite and it used a skill. We had no crowd control, so I sacrificed myself to help everyone. You? Who provoked you?” YellowSprings smiled. 
 
“None of your goddamn business! F*!” ThornyRose was really in an extremely bad mood. She glared at him, then in rage, forced her way to the village entrance, waiting for everyone to return. Her forehead was filled with throbbing veins and her face ashen.
 
“Haha~, still so feisty.” YellowSprings didn’t mind her outburst. He smiled and walked towards the other side of the village, disappearing into the sunset.
 
ThornyRose looked into the distance, her arms crossed. Her fingers tapping on her arm. She faintly smiled. YellowSprings, one of Mad War’s strong core members. Even he was killed back to town. Then the elites that the ‘Fighting King’ - CloudDragon, and them are fighting must not be simple. The elite they’re facing must not be simple. They deserved to be part of the four great guilds. She suddenly remembered all the things Ye Cang did to her through their journey. “I will definitely tear him apart!” She thought while facing the sunset. Her face burning with even more fury.
 
She saw Ye Cang and the group walking out of the forest, wearing the smile of a victor. Especially Ye Cang who was indifferently smiling and waving at her like they were friends who haven't seen each other in a long time. All she could think about was chopping him to death. She charged like an enraged boar. “Not good.” FrozenBlood thought. She rushed over to stop her. “ThornyRose, calm down! Calm down!”
 
“I’m going to tear him apart! That bastard! Harmful pest!” ThornyRose roared still full of hostility.
 
“Think! Think! For the hidden story quest! Calm down! Calm... Down...!” Frozen quietly shouted.
 
ThornyRose sobered up a bit. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le looked her like they saw a demonic boar and decided to stand a bit further from Ye Cang, to avoid being dragged in.
 
“Brother Lil’White, Brother Lil’White. Act cute. Whenever A’Xin is unhappy, I’ll always do it, and she’ll cheer up.” Lin Le whispered. Ye Cang thought for a bit, then slowly nodded. Lele’s idea had some sense. He made a catlike gesture with his hands and let out a: “Meow~”
 
“...” FrozenBlood and GreenDew put even more strength into stopping ThornyRose who had evolved from an angry boar to an angry bear.
 
A red longsword came flying, stabbing into the ground right beside him. Ye Cang froze mid-action. Looking at the sword by his feet, he scratched at his nose with his cat paw and thought: “It appears to have the opposite effect.”
 
Really New Village, in an open space near a farm.
 
ThornyRose took a deep breath. “It’s almost the rest days. On sunday let’s finish this quest.”
 
“Rest days?” Zhang ZhangXiong didn’t understand. Ye Cang also didn’t get it. “What!?”
 
FrozenBlood sighed. They don’t even know this? She slowly explained: “Because in the past, there were a lot of people who had trouble differentiating between virtual reality and reality. In order for this to not get out of hand, the federal government decided that from friday at noon to sunday at noon would be rest days. The game will be down during this time. It became every player's, whether professional or casual, weekend.”
 
Lin Le stroked his chin suddenly realising something and nodded. “So that’s why...”
 
“Then at that time, we’ll gather back here.” Ye Cang said, then looked at the time. It was 11:30 already. He slowly got up. “Let’s prepared to log out then.”
 
Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.
 
ThornyRose gnashed her teeth and said: “Let’s disband the party for now.”
 
Seeing Ye Cang about to log out, ThornyRose’s eyes looked towards his butt. “This hatred, I must have revenge! I’ll give up any face or any morals! As soon as the hidden story quest finishes, then it’s your turn to be butthurt!” Her hands held onto the red longsword so hard it shook. She stared at the butt that was disappearing and laughed coldly.
 
FrozenBlood and GreenDew saw it all. 
 
“Sister Rose’s eyes are really scary and her laugh is perverted...” GreenDew whispered to FrozenBlood.
 
“There’s only a thin line between love and hate...” FrozenBlood indifferently slandered.

---

TN: Yay, finally out of the cave. Maybe now Wu Na can get some attention.