---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 34"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

TN: So SpyingBlade sounds more like a treasure hunter than a bounty hunter. My bad :P.

---

**Chapter 34: New Teammate - Lil’Dino Joins**
 
Ye Cang saw that SpyingBlade was also on. He sent him a message telling him the meeting place.
 
At this time, Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong saw Lin Le walking over with a model like girl. She had a professional looking, short ponytail, her bangs were parted at a 7:3 ratio, her face was a nice egg shape, and she had a shapely figure. Zhang ZhengXiong estimated that she was a D cup. Her weapon were a pair of wooden tonfas.
 
“Grappler?” Ye Cang questioned.

“Mm, D?” Zhang ZhengXiong asked back.
 
“Mm, D.” Ye Cang replied.
 
“Brother Lil’White! This is the little brother I found, Lil’Dino!” Lin Le’s voice arrived from the distance.
 
“Lil’Dino?” Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the two doubtfully. A pretty girl calling herself Lil’Dino?
 
“Nice to meet you. I’m called FrozenCloud. A grappler.” The girl took the lead to politely introduce her ID and class.
 
“Brother Lil’Xiong, I helped you to inquire already. She’s actually a dinosaur, very ugly, but very inspirational...” Lin Le said, right in front of her face.
 
FrozenCloud was embarrassed, and veins throbbed on her forehead, but she remembered the mission she received from sister Rose. She was supposed to cosy up to him, and had said a bunch of flattering words that made her feel disgusted. Although he was supposed to be childlike, she didn’t think he would agree so easily. He even asked if she was a beauty or a dinosaur in real life. She thought about it and figured it would become a bother if she said she was a beauty, so she pretended to be a dinosaur. She even found a random picture of an ugly girl to show him. Then the whole way, this HappyAndCheerful has been calling her Lil’Dino. 
 
“Here’s a picture of Lil’Dino.” Lin Le took out a half meter large picture. In the middle of the picture was a girl; her face looked like it was mashed up, as if god at played a joke on her. They all gasped in shock.
 
“Oh my god, what an… inspirational face.” Zhang ZhengXiong couldn’t help but murmur.
 
“Very fitting for a grappler.” Ye Cang slowly nodded, before putting the picture away. He couldn’t help but think that this player had managed to get some hidden attribute, for example something like dispersing evil. 
 
Zhang ZhengXiong who was originally excited, made a big sigh. Feeling a bit of pity, he said: “Lil’Dino, you can call me brother Xiong. This is my bro and our leader, you can just call him boss or team leader.” 
 
FrozenCloud nodded, and she politely called out: “Team leader.”
 
Ye Cang sighed. He patted her shoulder and sincerely said: “Lil’Dino, don’t feel bad. You're one of us now. It doesn’t matter if you’re a dinosaur or not, we won’t turn our backs on you.” 
 
FrozenCloud felt offended, her chest tightened but she held in her anger. It was all to complete the mission sister Rose gave her. She forced herself to smile and said: “Team leader, Lele, Brother Xiong, thanks everyone. Umm… You can just call me FrozenCloud...” 
 
“Ok, Lil’Dino, take a seat for now. There’s still a few people coming.” Ye Cang nodded and signalled for her to sit. 
 
“Later there will be a few beauties. Lil’Dino, since you’re also considered a woman, help me get closer to them. This brother Xiong won’t treat you unfairly.” Zhang ZhengXiong reached out and patted her back, smiling.
 
FrozenCloud was reaching her limits, she couldn’t hold it in anymore. Her heart yearned to roar out: “What do you mean I’m considered a woman! Can dinosaur not be woman!? And don’t call me Lil’Dino! How shallow are you all!!”
 
“For the mission! For the mission! Keep calm!” FrozenCloud continued to remind herself. She realized that Sister Rose had paid no small price for this hidden story quest. A guy with the IQ of a child, a smelly playboy, as for that white haired guy called PaleSnow, although she didn’t know much about him, but whenever sister Rose mentioned him she would grind her teeth, so she knew he was trouble. She nodded without saying a word, afraid she would let slip her inner thoughts. 

Ye Cang wanted to send a message to hurry ThornyRose and the girls when the man who sold them the shield, that assassin - SpyingBlade, suddenly arrived. The two of them exchanged glances and nodded. “Take a seat, we’re waiting on 3 more.”
 
SpyingBlade didn’t say a word. He walked to a nearby fence and leaned on it with his arms crossed and examined everyone's equipment. Besides that girl, everyone else had some of the best equipment in this current stage of the game. Especially that enormous axe on Lin Le’s back, the sword on Ye Cang’s back, and Zhang ZhengXiong’s crystal shield. It was obvious at a glance that they were not common. He was afraid that his own excellent quality dagger couldn’t keep up.

FrozenCloud watched SpyingBlade. Treasure Hunter - Spying Blade. Although he wasn’t famous amongst the masses, but all the core members of the big guilds knew him because he often sells some good stuff. He’s never accepted any invitation to a guild, and his strength should be at the same level as her older sister FrozenBlood. He was considered a high level, lonewolf type, treasure seeking player. 
 
ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and GreenDew hurried over and joined the 5 people in the field. SpyingBlade was amazed when he saw ThornyRose and FrozenBlood. Thorns and Roses, who knew it would be them. ThornyRose and FrozenBlood looked towards him and nodded. They knew that guy didn’t like to speak, so they didn’t call out to him. ThornyRose added him to her contacts list and said: “If you find any goods, notify me. We’ll pay a satisfactory price.” 
 
SpyingBlade didn’t refuse. In the last game, they were a pretty good customer. 
 
Everyone stood up. Lin Le called out: “Sister Rose, Some Frozen Something…” His gaze landed on GreenDew, looking somewhat uncertain. “You look familiar. Have we met before…?”
 
ThornyRose and FrozenBlood were speechless. GreenDew thought in a burst of anger: “Are you a fish!? Can’t you remember past 7 seconds!?”
 
“You can’t even remember this. Really Lele…” Ye Cang helplessly knocked on Lin Le’s head a few times. He looked towards GreenDew with an apologetic smile and said: “Sorry about that, don’t take offence, whoever you are.”
 
“...” GreenDew gnashed her teeth and started saying: “I’m...”
 
“I’ve always remembered you, GreenDew. Come, let’s exchange contact information…” Before she could finish speaking, she was hit on by a smiling Zhang ZhengXiong.
 
“Get Lost!” GreenDew shouted. ThornyRose and FrozenBlood couldn’t help smiling. These three were really top quality.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong smiled awkwardly.
 
ThornyRose and FrozenBlood felt helpless. Seeing their double agent FrozenCloud, ThornyRose pretend not to know her. “Whose this?”
 
“Sister Rose, this is our new member, Lil’Dino.” Lin Le happily answered. ThornyRose was confused. Lil’Dino?
 
FrozenBlood was also confused, why Lil’Dino? When did her sister have this kind of nickname?
 
The three girl’s didn’t continue asking. FrozenCloud wore a bitter smile and sighed.
 
“Ok, let’s go. The destination is upstream of Riley River in the depths of the forest.” Ye Cang saw introductions were about done and got ready to go.
 
“Up Riley River, we’ll be passing through many of dangerous areas, and the fishman tribe will attack us.” ThornyRose said with a frown. That area was unnaturally dangerous. There were very few players over there. It’s good that Mad War was in another direction though, they didn’t have to butt heads. Most of the guilds would only venture out as far as midway into the forest. Any deeper and it becomes something they couldn’t deal with with just numbers. The more people they bring, the bigger the dangers. The last time they brought 300 people and suffered a surprise attack from the fishmen. The losses were disastrous.
 
“That surprise attack is dependent on the size of the party. We have an advantage with fewer people.” SpyingBlade coldly said.
 
ThornyRose nodded. She added in her head: Hidden story quests were better left concealed. It’s better that not too many people know about it, otherwise if a guild finds out, it would become a needless inconvenience. “Let’s go!”