---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 46"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 46: Ill Gotten Gains**
 
“What to do?” SpyingBlade took the lead to ask.
 
Although ThornyRose was in a bad mood, but she still suppressed it and said: “This one handed weapon, Lele and that lowlife currently don't need to change weapons yet. FrozenCloud is a grappler. So it’s just me, Shaking Bear, FrozenBlood and you. How about we roll for it. Whoever gets it has to give up on the next item.”
 
“I...” Ye Cang wanted to speak but was shot down by ThornyRose’s glare. He crossed his arms and calmly agreed: “Your words are very reasonable. I have nothing to add...”
 
ThornyRose cupped her two hands and blew on them for luck. She took a deep breath and threw the dice. 71. She frowned, it was alright.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong both rolled and got 86 and 91 respectively. SpyingBlade thought it was hopeless. He mindlessly threw his dice and got a 92. He was astonished, what a comeback! He looked towards FrozenBlood and shrugged. “Sorry...”
 
FrozenBlood shook her head. ThornyRose was a bit disappointed, but still handed him the weapon. SpyingBlade switched his current dagger to his offhand and equipped the saber to his main hand. This should raise his damage significantly. Although it was a bit heavy, but he still had his dagger in his other hand.
 
“As for the breastplate, me, Shaking Bear, Lil’Dino, and Lele can all use it. Since Lele can use it, let’s bid on it. The final bid will be paid to the remaining 3 people. We’ll start at 1 gold.” Nobody had any objects to her proposal. Although they said it was 4 people it was really only Ye Cang and ThornyRose bidding.
 
“1 gold.” Ye Cang held up his hand and bid.
 
“1 gold 10 silver.” ThornyRose raised.
 
“1 gold 30 silver.” Ye Cang raised his hand again.
 
“2 gold...” ThornyRose looked at that infuriating face and raised again. She definitely had to make him bleed! She increased directly to 2 gold knowing he would definitely bid on it for Shaking Bear. 
 
“PASS.” Ye Cang unexpectedly backed out. He extended his hand and smiled: “Any further would hurt our friendship. 2 gold please.”
 
ThornyRose froze. He actually didn’t bid!? Looking at the hand extended towards her. She’s never felt such an urge to rip someone's arm off. “Federal dollars?”
 
Ye Cang shook his head. “I did some research, game money is still rising in value. Also, for Lil’Dino’s remodelling fund, I’ll need to save more money. Right now earning money is not easy, you know?”
 
ThornyRose clenched her teeth and squeezed out a few words: “I’ll double it.”
 
“I’m not...” Ye Cang pretended to not be interested.
 
Thornyrose said in a cold voice: “Don’t push it...”
 
“Ok.” Ye Cang indifferently nodded. She transferred 4 millions federal dollars over.
 
FrozenCloud stood silently on the side. She really wanted to say: “What Lil’Dino remodelling fund. I’m not called Lil’Dino.” but just sighed instead.
 
Ye Cang looked over at her, he reached out, patted her shoulder, and smiled. “We’ll add 1 million federal dollars to your remodelling funds. Once we have enough, we’ll go with you to Korea to get it done, and we can have some fun together while we’re there. This is my promise to you, Lil’Dino.”
 
“Mm!” Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le joined in and patted her shoulder.
 
FrozenCloud didn’t know what to say. She could tell they were serious. All sorts of feelings welled up in her heart. Speechlessness, fury, and a bit moved. Although she rarely made friends, but she felt they were very sincere. They didn’t have any complicated thoughts towards her. She felt a bit guilty keeping secrets from them. These three guys weren’t bad people. They were just a bit dumb. She gave a hollow laugh and replied to their good intentions: “Thanks, Haha~ Haha~...”
 
ThornyRose facepalmed. She turned and stopped caring about whatever they were doing. “Ok, last is the ring. What do you think?”
 
“Let’s Roll.” Ye Cang proposed seriously.
 
ThornyRose and FrozenBlood felt their chests tighten. “Get lost!”
 
“It’s not like you can’t. We just need someone to roll in place of Lele.” SpyingBlade proposed. ThornyRose thought: “Right! That works!”
 
“Then let’s just bid.” Ye Cang nodded and proposed again, still seriously.
 
The vein’s on ThornyRose’s forehead started throbbing. “We’ve already agreed. Lele, have someone roll for you. Is that ok?”
 
“Yup. Brother Lil’Xiong, help me roll.” Lin Le naively smiled.
 
Ye Cang saw that ThornyRose and SpyingBlade had all agreed. Lele also didn’t oppose. So he didn’t object anymore. He took the lead to roll. 1. He frowned and looked at ThornyRose and the others. “Did you guys rig my dice?”
 
“It’s all done by the system!!” ThornyRose finally burst and yelled at him.
 
“Eh... So that’s how it is... Hah~ that system bastard.” Ye Cang crossed his arm and sighed.
 
ThornyRose didn’t know what to say. It was all because he was too unlucky! Yet he still blames the system!? She tossed the dice and a dazzling 2 appeared. She thought: “F*! I was infected by that bastard. I can feel myself degenerating.” She pushed he bad luck to the calm looking Ye Cang.
 
FrozenBlood slightly shifted to the side to avoid her. She rolled her dice and got a 92. She nodded her head “A wise decision.”
 
ThornyRose was speechless. This b*.
 
Everyone rolled less than FrozenBlood and it became Lele’s turn. “Brother Lil’Xiong, go ahead.”
 
Zhang ZhengXiong nodded. He took the dice and threw a 100. It was like a sword stabbing into everyone’s hearts. 
 
At this time, ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade, their minds were all a mess. They thought they could see a huge, awe inspiring image of Lele behind Zhang ZhengXiong. The hallucination laughed disdainfully at them. It overlooked them all and said in a childish tone: “Tremble before me mortals. You think these tricks will keep me from rolling? You’re just bringing about your own doom! Hahaha~ Ha Ha Ha~”
 
The laughed resounded in their heads. Even having someone roll for him is no good? They looked towards Lin Le, whose expression hadn’t changed. Their faces were full of astonishment. They became even more sure he was a walking, talking, dice monster. They would never let him participate in a roll again, even indirectly!
 
“Good job Lele!” Ye Cang gratefully nodded. Zhang ZhengXiong looked at Lele, feeling unworthy. He rubbed his shoulders: “So amazing, Lele.”
 
In Lin Le’s Ludo Emperor legends, there was more to the story then was told last time. The Ludo Emperor simply had to designate a representative, and that person person will only roll 6s. So his power transfers over to the next Ludo Emperor. The Ludo enthusiasts even had a saying: “The Great Emperor descends, Only sixes may attend! And while he’s absent, Victory is still his patent!”
 
Lin Le happily took the ring. “Brother Lil’White. I’ll give it to you!”
 
Ye Cang pet Lin Le, and took the ring to equip it. “Lele’s still the best.”
 
ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang enjoying the sweet taste of victory. That bastard definitely already knew about it, yet he still says let’s bid. He won and treats other like dogs, this lowlife is really too cruel. She chewed on her thumbnail, full of hate. FrozenBlood looked her actions, and smiled. It’s been many years since she bit her nails.

---

TN: Lele, give me some of that luck please -prays-