---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 49"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 49: Lil’Dino’s Inner Turmoil**
 
Ye Cang saw a black-iron tonfa. He reached and grabbed it. “We have one more companion. I’ll be taking this too. That’s ok right?”
 
Fine-Black-Iron Protector (Superior - Rare)
 
Category: Tonfa
 
Requirements: 15 Strength, 15 Constitution
 
+4 Defence
 
Damage: 8 - 20
 
+3 Strength
 
+2 Constitution
 
Counter: Activate to block a melee attack. After successfully blocking, strike back for 125% damage and cause knockback. Cooldown: 15 minutes.
 
“Whatever you want! Quickly get out.” Mar urged. Once the three of them left the warehouse, Mar locked it up, took out a pouch of coins and shoved it towards Ye Cang. “Now get lost!”
 
Ye Cang wanted to say something, but he had already started jogging away. He jogged quickly and happily, even performing little hops and dances. His mouth sang out: “Wife~~ I’m coming~~” 
 
“That old sex maniac…” Zhang ZhengXiong murmured.
 
Ye Cang faintly sighed. He counted the coins in the bag. Altogether there was a bit over 20 gold. He tied the cord tightly and put it away, then he brought the other two with him as he left the courtyard. The guards saw the three of them leaving and saluted. “Commander!”
 
The three put on serious expressions and Lin Le said: “You guys, stay alert. Don’t get lazy!”
 
Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong couldn’t help smiling. The three of them left the city hall. He saw ThornyRose and the others waiting for them. “Shall we disband for now? Tomorrow afternoon we can go see the fishman village.”
 
“There’s nothing else?” ThornyRose saw the three of them looking like they got something good. This bastard can wear a heavy shoulder guard? Shaking Bear also got a new weapon, and it should be a good one. Lele’s gloves had also changed. Although they looked big on him, but it’s quality couldn’t be doubted.
 
“Nothing else. Mar, that old guy, went to keep his wife company. There’s no new quest.” Ye Cang shrugged and said calmly. 
 
ThornyRose stared at Ye Cang’s tranquil face. Whatever, it should be just a reward for the three of them. They had already earned a lot from the hidden story quest. She sighed: “Ok, what time in the afternoon should we meet?”
 
“At 3 o’clock, we want to watch ‘Sisters’ so let’s do 4.” Ye Cang thought it over, and said. ThornyRose and the other’s felt their hearts hurt, their minds in chaos. ‘Sisters’!? Because of that messed up drama, they wanted to push back everyone’s schedule!?
 
“Let’s just meet at 3.” ThornyRose said, holding back her rage.
 
“Umm… I said, we’re watching…” Ye Cang was planning to explain again, but before he could finish, he was interrupted by ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and GreenDew’s roar: “Watch the replay!” 
 
Looking at the three girl’s expression, especially ThornyRose’s threatening eyes, Ye Cang obediently nodded his head. He rubbed his cheek with his hand. This girl was crazy. Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong also unconsciously backed away and nodded.
 
“Ok then, disperse.” ThornyRose took a deep breath and said. SpyingBlade crossed his arms and, without saying a word, he turned and walked away. 
 
ThornyRose looked back and saw Ye Cang pulling FrozenCloud over about to say something and asked: “What will you guys be doing?”
 
"We’ll resupply, then go to the market and look around and see if there’s anything to buy while gathering intelligence and whatnot.” Ye Cang shrugged and said. ThornyRose didn’t reply. She glanced at the four of them before leaving with FrozenBlood and GreenDew.
 
“Bro, here’s the gold from earlier.” Zhang ZhengXiong took out the 5 gold he received from the quest. Lin Le also handed his over. “Brother Lil’White, here’s mine.”

 
FrozenCloud hesitated, but still took out her gold and weakly handed it over. “Team leader, here’s my share.” 
 
“Lil’Dino, I’ll help you hold onto it. A portion will go towards your remodelling funds, the rest will go to our shared party funds. Oh right, how is your arithmetic?” Ye Cang thought of something and asked.
 
Hearing him call her Lil’Dino she sighed in her heart and thought: “Can you not bring up the those remodelling funds. I don’t need it! Also! What arithmetic!? Are you guys primary school kids!? Still learning arithmetic!?” She sighed and replied: “Pretty good.”
 
“How good is pretty good? Lele can add or subtract up to two digits. A’Xiong can multiply or divide up to two digits. I’m the best and can solve for unknown numbers as long as it doesn’t pass two digits, be it addition, subtraction, multiplication or division!” Ye Cang said looking proud.
 
FrozenCloud’s legs went soft. Her tonfas fell to the ground. They were college students like herself. She looked at their faces and panicked. How should she reply!? If she said she knew calculus and algebra, they probably wouldn’t understand. Wait! What do primary school students think is the most amazing? She seriously thought it over. She raised her eyebrows and intended to joke around with them. “I know long division...”
 
The three of them were so startled, they retreated a few steps. Lin Le was stunned and started to worship her.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong couldn’t believe his ears. “It’s actually long division...”
 
Ye Cang sighed. He looked disappointed and unwillingly said: “It’s actually long division, more amazing than even solving unknown numbers. I’ve lost...”
 
“...” FrozenCloud saw the three people’s reactions. She raised her head and looked at the night sky, completely confused. Although they were all university student, how did they manage to enroll in college? Did they threaten the proctor?
 
“Right, what is long division? When I was small, everyone would say long division was so hard.” Zhang ZhengXiong’s words made FrozenCloud who was bending down to pick up her tonfas fall over.
 
“It’s a kind of magic. Arithmetic magic. Really scary. I once wanted to try it but my skill wasn’t enough and I was almost devoured. It felt like my head would split apart.” Lin Le pouted.
 
“Lele is correct. It’s a dangerous arithmetic magic. If your arithmetic skill isn’t enough, it will kill you.” Ye Cang crossed his arms and calmly nodded.
 
FrozenCloud stayed silent. If she kept talking to them, she would go mad. She slowly got up.
 
Ye Cang took out the fine black iron tonfa he got earlier. “Oh right, this is for you. We all got a piece of equipment. Since there are benefits, how could we leave you out. Hurry and equip it.”
 
“That’s the extra item my bro squeezed out of that old guy.” Zhang ZhengXiong smiled.
 
FrozenCloud took the tonfas, and looked at it’s attributes. It was way better than hers, it even came with an important defensive skill. She removed the tonfa on her right hand and replaced it with the Fine Black Iron Protector. These the guys, besides being a bit stupid… correction, extremely stupid, were actually three really good people. “Thanks, team leader.”
 
At this time, ThornyRose’s message arrived: “That group’s activity, if something happens report to me or your sister.”
 
FrozenBlood sighed. With a complicated expression, she looked to the three people in front of her who were chatting and laughing. “It’s a pity that I’m a spy” she thought as she jogged to catch up to them. Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around her shoulder and patted her back. “If there’s anything you want, just tell my bro. We’re all brother so no need to be polite!”  
 
“Mm!” FrozenCloud replied, her heart a mess. She was becoming too immersed in her role.
 
If Thornyrose or FrozenBlood knew of her heart’s troubles, they would definitely be speechless. It was like their little sister was becoming a gangster. What’s so good about those 3 brain-dead guys.