---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 53"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 53: Cabin Basement**
 
“Since it’s already cooked, we shouldn’t waste it. Everyone, let’s eat and heal up a bit.” Ye Cang looked at them and said indifferently while pinching his nose 
 
ThornyRose looked absurdly at Ye Cang, then looked towards the thing that could only be described as a nightmare. Before she wasn’t aware, but seeing the werewolves' reaction, she didn’t know if she had the guts to eat it again.
 
SpyingBlade looked at the stats the food would give, and it’s not like it was his first time. As a famous treasure hunter, he had faces many bitter situations and suffered through many hardships. He clenched his teeth, took the bowl, and began to eat. FrozenBlood looked at his shivering body with admiration. As expected of the lone wolf, he’s really worthy of his reputation.
 
“As expected of brother SpyingBlade! How could us four brothers continue to act so weakly! A’Xiong! Lele! Lil’Dino! Don’t let others look down on us! Do it!” Ye Cang raised his bowl and gulped it down. Zhang ZhengXiogn and Lin Le nodded with gloomy expressions, especially Lin Le’s expression filled with hardship and suffering. FrozenCloud hesitated. She recalled earlier today when she was almost revealed to be a spy. She sighed, took a bowl, and joined the three of them. 
 
The remaining three girls frowned. ThornyRose took a bowl and choked down it’s contents. It doesn’t matter who looked down on her but she can never let that perverted lowlife criticize her! FrozenBlood and GreenDew made a face like they’ll die together with her, and started eating too. The nightmare like fragrance was all anyone remembered.
 
Surrounding the Pot, everyone woke up quivering. Ye Cang put it away, looking a bit haggard. He said to everyone: “Let’s continue onwards.”
 
After the earlier encounter, the rest were within the limits they could cope with. At most, there were 6 werewolves at once. Every once in awhile they would meet an elite, but they weren’t too hard to deal with. Everyone managed to get a few fine equipment. They also found a +2 Dexterity, +1 Strength, excellent quality hemp shorts with some leather for protection. Although Ye Cang pushed strongly for a roll, he ended up paying a cheap 20 silver for them. After quickly putting them on, everyone burst into laughter. They couldn't help but think he looked like a boyscout. However the heavy plated shoulder guards on his left shoulder clashed with his boy scout image, making it look strange. ThornyRose was puzzled, she probably had the stats to equip those shoulders but how could a knight equip it? She didn't want to ask because every player had their secrets.
 
SpyingBlade brought everyone through the fog and they arrived at an abandoned cabin. It was surrounded by deep moss and tall weeds. Obviously no one had lived here in awhile. Even the windows and doors were old and decrepit. The cabin had two floors. There was also some limestone they could cut out that would sell for a decent amount. On the path going towards the entrance, they could see clearly see werewolf footprints.
 
"Be extra careful going in, these footprints are big. I fear they are made by a boss." SpyingBlade squatted down and pressed on the earth and moss under the footprint to determine the owner's approximate size. It was definitely not small.
 
Everyone nodded. Zhang ZhengXiong used his warhammer and smashed open the decrepit door. ThornyRose stood beside him ready to help at any time. FrozenCloud stood at the back of the group incase enemies came from behind. Everyone entered the house slowly and carefully.
 
Once inside, they saw that it didn't look like a home for a human. It was more like a den for monsters. Every direction was covered in deep claw marks, and scattered all over the floor were damaged human skeletons. It should be the remains of the werewolf’s victims. The floor was covered in numerous bloodstains. The environment was dark and moist. Many fungi were growing all over the place. The damp air carried with it the sickening smell of mold and rot, however it wasn't much compared to the smell of that thing they ate earlier.
 
Ye Cang gestured up the stairs. Zhang ZhengXiong nodded and everyone followed him up. They walked on the simple stone steps and arrived at the second floor. There were only two rooms, one on each side. The door had long been destroyed, leaving wooden scrap scattered across the floor. The room to the left, besides some skeletons, was empty. The room on the right should be a bedroom, they could still see a drawer that could be considered in decent condition. In it were a bunch of damp, moldy papers. The bed, like the door had been torn apart and was scattered all over the place. The cotton had already grown fungi, and was emitting a stink.
 
ThornyRose took the papers out and saw that the words had already become hard to read. She could barely piece together a few key pieces of information. It seems the owner of this house was called Tayce. There was also something about sacrifices to a wolf god. The so called wolf god was called Dina. It had one day called in all of it’s followers, which included the cabin's owner. Once he arrived, he was doubtful seeing that the original white and pure wolf god had become pitch black and ferocious, but he still accepted the ceremony. Then the wolf god used some sacrifices to share her powers with her followers. After this, the documents became mostly illegible but she could still tell that the further she read, the messier the writing became. She could vaguely tell that Tayce was writing about how he was losing his humanity and sanity day by day. He was becoming more and more ferocious. He would often lose his consciousness and wake up with a mouthful of blood and guts.
 
“I can’t control myself... I’m being consumed by my strength and blood. Someone save me!” 
 
“I’ve eaten my wife and daughter... Hehe~ I actually ate them! HaHA~! I... I...!”
 
There wasn’t anything after this. Everyone frowned, it seemed that the wolf god was somehow controlling and corrupting the believers.
 
They didn’t find anything else in the room, so they returned to the first floor. In the dark cabin, Ye Cang looked towards a corner. “There’s a way to the basement over there...”
 
With Zhang ZhengXiong leading, everyone arrived before the basement. It was a pretty spacious space, about 20 square meters. Looking around, they came across those sparkling jewels stolen from the mayor. It was a case filled with necklaces and rings embedded with precious gems. Ye Cang took it and put it away. He sighed, if it weren’t for Lele, they could have hogged the reward. What bothered him most was that they couldn’t keep the jewels. There was so much of it, yet they were all quest items.
 
“It looks like the werewolf that stole these jewels should be the owner of this cabin - Tayce and I think his goal wasn't these jewels. They should have been plundered as an extra after the hunt.” SpyingBlade said looking around at the scattered bones. Not far away were a few, fairly fresh, human remains. The flesh remaining on the bones hadn’t even dried up yet. This was probably his prefered place to eat.
 
“Since we’ve gotten the goods, let’s leave and return to Really New Village.” ThornyRose reminded them.
 
“Shh~!” Ye Cang heard something. He signalled everyone to be quiet. They could hear the sound of claws scratching the wooden floor. I approaching the stairs they had come down from. The sound became more and more clear. Closer... and closer...

---

TN: Did I manage to convey some horror?