---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 62"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 62: The Outcast Half-Elves**
 
Mar ended his speech there. The two of them had arrived inside a house. Madam Mar looked at Ye Cang and slowly walked over. She reached out her hand and sensed something. "Your body actually contains the blood of both the dark elves and the sunfury elves. Very interesting, these two types of elves are extremely hostile towards each other."
 
Ye Cang nodded without saying a word. Afterall, he had no idea what these dark elves or sunfury elves were. He remembered what Mar had said earlier and asked Madam Mar: "Are half-elves really so hated?"
 
"It’s getting a bit better. In the past, after Vivian’s uprising failed, they would be tied to a stake and burned to death on site." Madam Mar said sadly.
 
"Therefore, you have to hide your identity. Don’t let those high class nobles find out." Madam Mar's words made Ye Cang freeze. They’re still not accepted? He thought of something and sadly nodded his head.
 
"Ok, let’s not talk about these depressing things. Stay and have a meal." Mar butted in, and patted Ye Cang’s shoulder. He hinted to a chair by the table. 
 
The three of them began to eat. Ye Cang looked at the painting on the wall. It was a painting of the mayor and Madam Mar, and in between them was a blond haired child. Was this their child? "Is that your son?"
 
"Mm, that’s my son... Cross Mar. Now he’s at Black Rock City serving the Holy Church as a crusader." Mar said full of pride.
 
"Holy Church?" Ye Cang didn’t understand.
 
"You don’t even know this? Well, I guess we don’t even have a single church out here in the countryside. The Holy Church is the home of mankind's most popular religion. From the mass’s point of view, his holiness the supreme pontiff has a higher position than even his majesty the emperor." Mar explained.
 
"30 years ago, it was also the church that pardoned the half-elves, so now at least they won’t be executed the moment they’re discovered." Madam Mar said. Although her expression wasn’t good, there wasn’t anything weird about it. She remembered the times when she was still young, she would always be hiding. Death could find her at any time. She watched so many of her people being burned at the stakes. The life of a sewer rat was much better than that of a half-elf. That was, until she met him. At the time he was just a child helping out on the farm. Now he’s already at the age where his hairs have begun to turn gray. "The Holy Church, although hypocritical, are still our benefactors. Now there are many places where half-elves can live safely. Although they’re still subject to intense discrimination and disgust, but at least they can survive."
 
"I’ve recalled what that smelly kid said when he left Really New Village. He said that some day, with his identity as a half human and half elf, he would become a great knight and come back wearing his glorious medals." The old couple’s faces were full of pride and happiness.
 
"You’re an adventurer, I know it won’t be long before you leave. You should go to Black Rock City, at least you’ll know someone there. Well forget it, let’s settle these hateful werewolves before talking about that." Mar’s words made Ye Cang excited. They had family at Black Rock City!? That’s the place!
 
After eating, Ye Cang gave his thanks and then left for Rica’s general store to meet up with the other 3. He took some time to hear about how the three used their talent points. Zhang ZhengXiong put his into Feel Your Pain. He now received 40% of his Constitution to Wisdom and +10 Spell Focus. Lin Le upgraded his Arms Dealer's Strength. His strength and the effectiveness of consumables he used increased. Ye Cang also learned what FrozenCloud's talent was. Attack and Defend (+5 Strength, +5 Constitution, +10% Strength, +10% Constitution, +2 Weapon Proficiency)
 
"Bro, since we have no quests to do, let's go back to the Blue Scaled Fishman Tribe and have a look. We can collect some more scales and exchange for items to prepare for the attack on the black werewolves." Zhang ZhengXiong proposed.
 
"Good idea A'Xiong. Let's go see Chief Yoji. We can probably get another reward and receive another 100 scales. It'll be enough to exchange for a few things. Unfortunately the village is probably going to be full of people. After exchanging some scales, let's go somewhere else. We can go collect some blood replenishing grass and some other materials." Ye Cang thought it over and gave a suggestion. Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, the fishmen village would indeed be insufferably crowded. FrozenCloud slightly raised her hand to interrupt. "You're not going to call Sister Rose and the others?"
 
"Lil'Dino! What nonsense are you saying! We definitely won't..." Ye Cang rolled his eyes at her. If they went with just the four of them, they'd definitely get a bigger reward. Before he could finish speaking, he saw Zhang ZhengXiong wink at him, and he could sense someone coming in behind them. He quickly put on a smile. "...not tell her! I'll notify her right now!"
 
"No need, I'm already here." ThornyRose said, standing at the doorway. She sneered in her heart. That guy definitely wanted to get our share of the rewards too. That damn lowlife!
 
"Oh, what a coincidence! I was just going to contact you. It's like we're telepathically linked! Give~Me~Five!" Ye Cang quickly turned around and smiled, raising his hand. ThornyRose grumpily played along and slapped his hand. "Let's go."
 
Ye Cang lead everyone through the army of players, towards the chief's place. The fishmen who saw him all respectfully called out: "Sir Pioneer."
 
They slowly entered the chief's tent.
 
"Pioneer, thanks for bringing our tribe so much prosperity. This is a gift from me for you and your friends." Yoji got up and smiled. He let his maid hand each of them a bag bursting full of scales. Each of them had over 100. Ye Cang got the most, at least twice as much as the others. 
 
Afterwards, they went to visit the Head High Priest Vasiyas. Ye Cang and GreenDew met the conditions and was able to learn a 2nd rank water spell from him.
 
Tidal Wave (2nd Rank - Rare - Low Level): Chant two lines in the fishman language (2 Seconds), and send a violent tidal wave forwards hitting everyone in a certain range. Deal 37 water damage, with chance to knockback. Cooldown: 30 seconds. Cost: 7 mana. 
 
ThornyRose looked at the skill. It was a pretty good aoe knockback ability. It gave GreenDew and that bastard a means to defend themselves. She looked over at their priest, Zhang ZhengXiong, who had yet to learn a single spell, and felt speechless. Hah~ priest...
 
"Ok, the quest only goes till here. Now we just wait for the two sides to begin their attack on the werewolves. Everyone can go do what they want." Ye Cang said indifferently.
 
ThornyRose raised her brows at him. He couldn't be trying to ditch them to do some good side-quest again could he? She glanced at FrozenCloud, and the answer was exactly as he said. There were no more quests, they were planning to just wander around. She nodded. "Ok, everyone can go do their own thing for now."
 
"If anything comes up, contact me. I'll be leaving first." SpyingBlade said, then left the party to go off on his own.
 
ThornyRose had FrozenCloud continue monitoring them before she turned to find more quests and earn more scales. 
 