---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 64"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 64: Monstrous Bird Boss**
 
FrozenCloud put on the belt. She happened to not have equipment in that slot so it increased her stats by quite a bit. After learning the skillbook and with her current equipment, if she were to face her sister she would have nothing to fear. She hesitated on whether to tell Sister Rose about the team leader’s 30 intelligence. After thinking about it, he treated her quite well so she couldn’t be so ungrateful as to divulge all his secrets. She started to feel conflicted about her mission again.
 
Ye Cang learned the two skills.
 
"Due to your self-created skill - Straight Thrust, Rapid Thrust will upgrade and become a new created skill. Please give it a name."
 
After some thought, he named it Multiple Straight Thrusts.
 
Multiple Straight Thrusts (Self Created - PaleSnow): Perform 4 extremely fast thrusts at the target, each dealing 63% damage. It’s speed, damage, and penetrative ability are all affected by attributes. Cost: 25 energy. Cooldown: 45 seconds.
 
Ye Cang faced to the side, and pulled out his two-handed sword. In a split second, multiple red lights could be seen. He then put his sword back on his back and nodded, satisfied.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t show much surprise. In contrast, FrozenCloud couldn’t stop staring. Was that Rapid Thrusts!? No way! That skill would take at least a second to complete, and the 4 strikes needed to be continuous. This skill, all she saw was a flash. She didn’t even know how many strikes it was. It completed in literally an instant, and every strike struck the exact same point, not deviating by even a hair. He was as accurate as a machine. Did the skill change!? She raised her eyebrows. It must have changed somehow. Even her sister had said that this guy wasn’t simple.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong tried casting healing light on himself. "Not bad, it can heal 18 health."
 
FrozenCloud frowned, how could he heal so much!? Impossible. He was a paladin that focused on constitution, and she knew for sure his intelligence was low. Did he actually put points into wisdom? There’s no way, no matter how she calculated, it didn’t work out. Then it must be some sort of perk.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong saw her confusion and smiled. Like a muscle builder, he showed off his robust body. "There’s nothing weird about it. I, your father, am a priest."
 
With Zhang ZhengXiong words and actions, was like a gun going off in her heart. FrozenCloud stood there, completely stunned thinking "He wasn’t a paladin!? Not even a fighter or whatever else, but a priest!? Our party’s best equipped and strongest tank was a priest!? I have been letting a priest tank for me this whole time!?" Instantly, the composition of the team in her mind collapsed. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong, who was as oppressive as a violent bear, and now knowing that he was a priest... her mind was in chaos. Did Sister Rose know? She didn’t know that ThornyRose always felt endless regret when she saw Zhang ZhengXiong. Priest... my god, he’s actually a priest...
 
"Ok, let’s go explore the forest." Ye Cang patted FrozenCloud who was still stunned. He brought the three of them to leave the village and head towards to the depths of the forest.
 
The four people went southeast. The whole journey, Ye Cang collected blood replenishing grasses and many kinds of medical and food materials. The feral wolves that wandered this area might be dangerous to other players, but to them, they were no threat at all. Occasionally, they would meet a few bears and would have to fight seriously for a bit. 
 
Ye Cang collected a purple vine and identified it, Leisurely Rattan, and threw it into his bag. "The art of cooking is about choosing the right ingredients. We have to try new combinations and new ingredients to improve." 
 
The three rolled their eyes. Suddenly, the sound of heavy footsteps was heard. Ye Cang signalled the three to be alert. They rushed past the bushes, chasing after the sound. FrozenCloud saw footprints on the ground and said: "It’s some sort of bird. A really big one."
 
The four of them proceeded more carefully. Beside a small stream was a enormous, 5 meter tall, white bird drinking water.
 
"It’s a monstrous bird! And it’s so big!" Lin Le shouted excitedly in a quiet voice. It was a monster on their must kill list - the monstrous bird. The only monster that Ye Cang can make edible!!
 
Zhang ZhengXiong quickly said: "Bro, let’s go and beat it up."
 
Ye Cang identified it. This one was different. It was not only bigger, it’s tailfeather was also longer, and on it’s back was a red pattern.
 
Monstrous Bird Boss (Uncommon - Animal Boss): The head of the monstrous birds.
 
"This is a boss level monster, everyone be careful." Ye Cang reminded. Just as he was about to start explaining the plan, FrozenCloud looked over and saw some activity. She shouted: "There’s some people attack it! What do we do Team Leader?"
 
Ye Cang and the others peaked over and saw about ten players attacking it. There were both males and females, and all of them were above average. There were even a few players who wouldn’t lose to Thornyrose or FrozenBlood.
 
"What else can we do? We’ll kill them together! They dare try to take our boss!" Zhang ZhengXiong coldly snorted.
 
"Exactly!" Lin Le expressed his support.
 
FrozenCloud recognized three of them: NalanBeauty, NalanMoon, and NalanMight. They were core members of one of China’s 4 great guilds, the Freedom Alliance, and were professional athletes. However neither NalanPureSoul nor WindAndCloud were present. She remembered hearing ThornyRose say that their main force was over in Maple Forest Village.
 
"Wait till they are about done, then we’ll take both their lives and the reward. I’ll take care of the female mage. Lil’Dino, you help Lele go kill that feral boar over there so he can build up fury. Later, Lele will use leap into the enemies and activate his weapon’s ability to knock as many enemies over as possible, then just start killing. FrozenCloud, keep that priest busy. A’Xiong, help out Lele and lighten his load a bit. Remember to watch out for skills. But we’re in no rush, let’s see how many people they have by the end. They dare steal our team’s boss, they must be tired of living..." Ye Cang sneered.
 
"As expected of my bro, so thorough!" Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.
 
"Brother Lil’White is so awesome!" Lin Le praised.
 
"Team leader, that’s not good. Those people are from the Freedom Alliance. There are even 3 professional athletes." FrozenCloud frowned.
 
"Freedom Alliance? What’s that?" Ye Cang asked doubtfully.
 
"They’re one of china’s 4 great guilds, whatever that means." Zhang ZhengXiong recalled seeing them on the news.
 
"So?" Ye Cang raised his brows and again asked doubtfully.
 
"The Freedom Alliance is exceptionally strong. You’re not afraid of having them hunt you down?" FrozenCloud said, not knowing what to do about their lack of common sense.
 
"What’s there to be afraid of? Those evil-doers stole our boss, we must take it back! Brother Lil’White taught me that if we ever get bullied by bad people, we must fight back! Don’t be afraid of difficulties and hardships! Do not submit to threats and violence! Take back what should be ours!" Lin Le pouted and clenched his fists as he made his righteous speech.
 
FrozenCloud rolled her eyes. Hearing that Lin Le had already decided that the boss was theirs, she didn’t know what to say. It wasn’t their boss, they were just following it. Someone else had started fighting it first. Moreover, they didn’t just want to steal the boss, they acted like some oppressed people preparing for an armed uprising.
 
"Lele! Well said! You sure have grown..." Ye Cang reached out and pet him. Lin Le’s ahoge wagged cheerfully. He shyly replied: "Shucks~ I haven’t~"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong heavily patted his solid chest and smiled: "Not bad, men must have bravery! Lil’Dino, don’t be afraid! Bring out your manly spirit!"
