---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 67"
category: "VWPWE"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 67: Adventurer’s Tavern**
 
“I can’t just let it pass like that…” NalanMoon said adamantly. This concerned the Freedom Alliance’s reputation. Although their main force wasn’t at Really New Village, they still couldn’t allow anyone to provoke them. They wouldn’t even let Mad War mess with them much less some lesser guild!
 
“Then what do you want?” ThornyRose knew that they wouldn’t be easy to deal with. If they really decided to become enemies, Thorns and Roses’ wouldn’t be enough to handle it. The 4 great guilds title wasn’t just for bragging.
 
“Give me a few spots on your quest.” NalanMoon directly named her demand.
 
“That isn’t something I can decide, I’m not the leader.” ThornyRose frowned. So it really turned out like this. This woman was like an eagle hunting a rabbit, she was probably aiming for this from the moment she noticed FrozenCloud. That damn b*.
 
“Arrange a meeting for us.” NalanMoon calmly said, full of confidence.
 
ThornyRose hesitate but something like that was still ok. “Alright.”
 
ThornyRose thought it over and decided to tell him now.
 
At this time, Ye Cang’s group of four was by a lake, healing and resting. Smelling the fragrance coming out of the pot, FrozenCloud gathered her courage. Originally she was unsure if it was worth it to kill the freedom alliance, but she got her answer. She tasted a bite, and it was not bad! In fact it was pretty good! Human food! It was real food! She felt like she had just returned from hell and was so moved that she felt like crying. She also felt a profound sorrow. Had she already fallen so far that just eating normal food could make her cry in gratitude? She raised her head and looked at the sky, her heart in chaos. She thought “Sister Rose, when can I go back.” and sighed. She looked at Lele’s silly and naive smile, Shaking Bear patted himself firmly on the back with a clear smile, and team leader’s indifferent and indescribably smile. They ate like they were afraid there wouldn’t be enough. She started to feel like it wasn’t so bad being with them. She suddenly snapped out of it and thought: “I must be almost mad...” 
 
“Don’t tell that crazy old lady about the meat. There already isn’t enough for us, if we have to share with them too, we’ll run out in a flash!” Ye Cang warned.
 
Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong nodded furiously. FrozenCloud was at a loss and nodded a bit later.
 
“F*, speak of the crazy old lady and she comes.” Ye Cang saw the call and sighed. He answered it. “Damn lowlife, there’s an important matter!!”
 
Ye Cang helplessly said: “Crazy old lady, what now?”
 
“Damn lowlife! Who are you calling Crazy old lady!?” ThornyRose immediately roared. 
 
“The one calling me damn lowlife is the crazy old lady...” Ye Cang indifferently said. ThornyRose took a deep breath, calming her mood, and told them the situation. “Afterall, they’re one of China’s strongest guild. If you can reconcile, you should. In other words, just come to Really New Village’s adventurer’s tavern!”
 
Ye Cang frowned, Freedom Alliance? Those bastards actually went and complained to the crazy old lady? Are they kids? How did they know it was us? Ending the call, he told everyone what happened.
 
“Bro, let’s just go over and kill them again. That’s our home-turf anyways!” Zhang ZhengXiong suggested.
 
“I hate tattletails, and it was them who tried to steal our boss.” Lin Le crossed his arms and pouted, unwilling.
 
“Sister Rose’s words are not without reason. Since you have no other grievances, then why not reconcile.” FrozenCloud quickly said. After being with them for so long, she knew that those three were being serious. Then she looked a Lele, the way he said it made it sound like they were classmates bullying each other and tattling to the teacher.
 
“Lil’Dino is correct, being amiable brings good fortune. After all, we joined the game to earn money and become professional players. Let’s go see what they say, but we definitely can’t appear weak. Who cares about some Freedom Alliance, we’re only a small team, what is there to fear?” Ye Cang discovered the FrozenCloud’s suggestion was pretty good.
 
“Ok, we’ll go check it out first.” Zhang ZhengXiong nodded. Lin Le felt unwilling, but still nodded with a pout. “Got it.”
 
FrozenCloud didn’t understand. Whatever this PaleSnow said, these two would never object. They even treated him like an elder brother, could it be they were real siblings?
 
The four of them packed up and noted down the lakes coordinates. Then began their return back to Really New Village.
 
Really New Village - Adventurer’s Tavern.
 
It was already evening, and the tavern was exceptionally busy. Many residents and off-duty guards were here to eat and drink. Sitting around a big table were ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, GreenDew as well as NalanMoon’s party of 5.
 
“They’re here.” FrozenBlood saw the door open and 4 people appear.
 
The guards quickly got up and respectfully called out: “Sir Vice-Director! Sir Commanders.”
 
The three guys acted the part. They smiled and waved to dismiss them. Seeing ThornyRose and the other and they slowly made their way over.
 
NalanMoon frowned. It was real, he was actually Really New Village’s second in command. She carefully examined the new arrivals. Wearing a pretty purple robe, on his back was a longsword, and under his robes, he was dressed like a boyscout. She wasn’t sure how to describe him. He looked delicate with his white hair, white eyebrows, white eyelashes and silver eyes. Such strange taste. His posture was willful but it was nothing special. Beside him was the shield fighter that NalanMight faced. He had a really imposing presence. He looked like he was alert at all times, and his skill was definitely not ordinary. His expression seemed like he was belittling everyone. As for the little guy with the axe, she couldn’t tell much from his appearance. He was normal, like some child that lived next door. He had large black iron gauntlets and a huge axe, which made him look strange but powerful. Her sight then landed on FrozenCloud, but returned to look at Ye Cang trying to size him up.
 
“Have a seat.” ThornyRose said, inviting them to sit. Ye Cang slowly sat down without a word. Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong chose not to sit, instead they stood on Ye Cang’s left and right. Lin Le drew his axe and let it hit the ground, his right hand on his waist. He stood like the god of doorways<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> and he huffed like an angry little bull. Zhang ZhengXiong simple crossed his arms standing exceptionally straight, his expression extremely cold. He looked like some hired thug.
 
Ye Cang lazily put his feet up on the table and leaned back on his chair. He patted his own shoulder. FrozenCloud rolled her eyes and sighed as she slowly walked over. She reached out and started massaging his shoulders from behind. She remembered how he had reminded her the whole way back that they had to look imposing! They couldn’t show any weakness! He even planned it all out and assigned everyone tasks. What did they think they were? Some gangsters?
 
Ye Cang crossed his arms and indifferently said: “Speak up, what do you want?”
 
ThornyRose and the three girls broke out in cold sweat. They were all speechless. What were these three bastards trying to do now?
 
---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://www.google.ca/search?q=%E9%97%A8%E7%A5%9E&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjg9du1uLHUAhXJej4KHWimAc4Q_AUICigB&biw=840&bih=835"> God of Doors</a>
