---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 69"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: I messed up last time on chapter 66 where I said Wu Na was a mage. After looking it over, I realized they used different characters for the class mage. She's still a priest for now. Sorry for the confusion.

---

**Chapter 69: Li LiJia’s Shock**
 
The four of them lit their torches, returned to the lake, and found a spot by the shore. Ye Cang watched the lake under the moonlight and stretched lazily. "It’s almost the rest days again, let’s just log off here. We’ll meet back on Sunday and continue exploring." 
 
"Mm." FrozenCloud nodded then logged off.
 
The three of them followed suit, disappearing from the lakeside.
 
It was currently 12 in the afternoon, Wu Na had already gotten takeout. The four of them sat together in a circle.
 
"Bro, the education administrator over at the third science building wants me to make a visit." Zhang ZhengXiong said looking at the message on his phone.
 
"Go ahead. While you’re at it, ask them what department we’re in. It’s been too long, I’ve forgotten." Ye Cang said with a nod.
 
"Oh, you guys are in the department of philosophy. It’s right beside mine." Wu Na said astonished. But then again, it was these two guys who signed up for class just to pay the fees. Besides the very first semester where she happened to see them once, she’s never seen them in class. They’ve already become one of the philosophy departments great mysteries, the two mysterious people; there were two people who signed up for classes but no one has ever seen them before. "Oh right, your counsellor old Zhao will be retiring soon so you’ll have a new one. "
 
"Old Zhao was a good guy, he’s never once called me out." Ye Cang sighed.
 
"Bro, that’s cause he’s too old and forgot the two of us are in the class." Zhang ZhengXiong filled in.
 
During the time, Lin Le was thinking hard about something and suddenly said with a pout. "I forgot what department I’m in again. It’s all your guys’ fault, listening to you guys talk made me forget."
 
Wu Na covered her forehead, not knowing wether to laugh or cry.

...
 
At the third science building, in the education administrator’s office on the top floor.
 
"He’s here." Li LiJia saw Zhang ZhengXiong appear on the monitor.
 
Zhang ShaoFeng faintly nodded. The door was suddenly pushed open and a foul voice arrived. "What did you call me for! I’m f\* busy!"
 
Li LiJia faintly frowned even though she already knew he had no etique.
 
"Haha~ sorry for disturbing you. Since you’re in such a hurry, then I’ll get straight to the point. It’s like this, I think really highly of your strength and hope you would become a member of our five schools competition team." Zhang ShaoFeng said with a smile.
 
"What benefits are there!?" Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t refuse and instead asked with a smile.
 
"We can let you and your room-mates pass the test and participate in the 2nd round. You’d smoothly become 2nd rank residents ." The benefits that Zhang ShaoFeng gave were considered generous. Ye Cang, Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong were currently 4th rank residents so they didn’t have many privileges. If they could become 2nd rank residents, things would become much more convenient.  
 
"Sure, but my bro and Lele must also participate." Zhang ZhengXiong states his condition.
 
"Zhang ZhengXiong, you’re already lucky to be invited to participate in the competition, don’t be greedy. To a student, being in the five schools competition is an honor. To the school, it’s a very important event. What can those other two do besides cause trouble?" Li LiJia said coldly.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong had his arms crossed and stared blankly for a bit, then he started laughing uncontrollably. He looked at her with an odd expression on his face, and provoked her: "What if I insist?"
 
Li LiJia frowned. Although this Zhang ZhengXiong had a bit of skill, but he was too arrogant. They should teach him a lesson and conveniently find out what level he was at. She leapt forwards. "Then let’s see if you have the ability..."
 
Zhang ShaoFeng raised his brows but he didn’t try to stop it.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong stretched his neck as he watched the jab coming at him and smiled. He didn’t dodge, nor did he block; he simply stood there as if he couldn’t react. 
 
Li LiJia felt like she had just hit granate, she hadn’t even caused him to move at all. She looked up to see Zhang ZhengXiong looking down on her with contempt. As if he was a cat hunting a mouse, she heard him say: "Could you hit a bit harder? Use some qi or this will be meaningless."
 
Li LiJia felt a frightening oppressive aura emit from his bear-like body, and saw the contempt in his eyes. She couldn’t help her heart from shaking in rage. This bastard!! Becoming more serious, she launched a few knee attacks filled with Qi.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong laughed, welcoming the attacks. "That’s more like it."
 
The two fought fiercely. Zhang ShaoFeng raised a brow, this Zhang ZhengXiong’s reaction speed was as fast as lightning, Li LiJia was at a disadvantage. Her attacks were causing very little damage.  
 
Li LiJia felt suffocated, it was like her fighting style had been seen through. However, he wasn’t predicting her moves, he was simply reacting so fast that the moment she attacked, he could take action and catch up. She had already used up half her qi! With a shout, she sent a palm piercing through the air and smashing onto his chest.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong was sent flying, smashing into an alloy wall, and falling to the ground. He got up like nothing had happened and stretched his neck again making cracking sounds. He took a deep breath and lowered his stance.
 
"Roar~!!!"
 
He suddenly release a violent roar that flooded the room. His clothes were ripped apart by his bulging muscles. His veins throbbed and his muscles expanded, emitting steam. He became a 3 meter tall, muscular giant. A terrifying oppressive aura emitted from his muscle.  Li LiJia’s brows became extremely wrinkled as she frowned. He had a superpower!? Body Strengthening? She raised he Qi and prepared for his attack.
 
"He actually has a body strengthening type power." Zhang ShaoFeng murmured surprised and excited. This Zhang ZhengXiong unexpectedly had a superpower. Perhaps his physique came with the awakening of his power. Could it be Ye Cang had also awakened to a power? An excellent esper would be welcomed anywhere. Although the colleges had many espers, but not many of them were useful.
 
The two people fiercely collided; one big and one small, seeming extremely unfair. Even more unfair was that Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t become slower with his increased strength and size, in fact he became even faster. The two confronted each other, their fists collided. Li LiJia felt like she was hit by a truck, and was launched flying backwards. She flipped in the air and landed on her feet, then shook her sore hand. Such terrifying power. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong’s red eyes, this guy definitely had the strength to be arrogant. In this moment where she was distracted, a huge silhouette charged towards her. She felt horror in her heart, how was his speed so fast!? She used all her strength to block with her two hands, her qi flowing vigorously.
 
Boom~!
 
Li LiJia held her guard and slid back over 10 meters. Zhang ZhengXiong slowly kneeled, then once again roared and charged over, his two hands making fists.
 
"Stop, I’ll agree to your request." Zhang ShaoFeng quickly shouted.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong slowly stopped, and his body slowly returned to it’s normal state. He looked at Li LiJia who was staring at his bare upper body, and shrugged with a bright smile. "Then it’s agreed." He turned to look at the time and saw it was already 2:55 and his voice leaked out: "Not good, Sister’s is going to start soon! Call us if there’s anything you need, I’ll be going first! Today is the big finale."
 
"..."
