---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 73"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: Hey everyone, for those who haven't noticed, someone has offered to translate my translations into spanish!

For those interrested check it out at the link below.

<a href="https://syzctranslations.github.io/translations/MVEIWB/index.html"> Mundo Virtual: El Inigualable Emperador Blanco </a>

---

**Chapter 73: Happiness**
 
It was currently dinner time at Old Wang’s little stall.
 
Ye Tian, who now had a name, saw a table full of food. She frowned and said in a lovable voice: “There’s too many calories. Sister Nana, just eat this, that way you won’t get fat.”
 
Wu Na smiled rigidly and said: “It’s fine. It’s fine even if we get fat. Hurry and eat. Today we have Old Wang’s specialty.”
 
Ye Cang put his two hands on the table and crossed his fingers. He said seriously: “Little Tian, you’re now a normal person. I have to tell you, you must control your emotions and get along with the people around you. Also another matter, we’re all professional gamers, and are depending on it to maintain our livelihood.”
 
Little Ye Tian's long lashes fluttered as she seriously analyzed. "I got it. Brother Le has already told me about it and I've already spent a bit of time to analyze Conviction and the publicly available data. The current most popular classes are: fighter, priest, mage, and assassin. They are also the most common classes. After that are the hidden classes. Last is the knight. Due to it being too well-rounded, such that there aren't enough attributes to assign to the two extremes, they end up mediocre. 75% of them have already deleted their characters. Father, the identity you gave me was one that was old enough to enter the game. I've more or less understood father's, brothers' and sister's classes, I will be a paladin to assist you all. For everyone's livelihood, I will also give it my all."
 
The four people stared blankly. Lin Le put on brotherly appearance and said: "TianTian! What does a child like you understand! Just listen to Brother Lil'White!!"
 
Little Ye Tian slowly nodded her head. "Mm, I got it."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong and Wu Na sighed as they looked at Lin Le with complicated expressions. The guy with the least qualification to teach others was showing off.
 
Ye Cang heard paladin and thought: "What's that?" Muddle-headed, he nodded. "That's fine, paladins are not bad. We'll talk more about it once we're online. For now, cheers for TianTian!"
 
"Cheers!!!" Three people raised their beers and smiled. Ye Tian was embarrassed and at a loss. What should she do? She stared blankly at her orange juice.
 
"At times like this, you should just pretend your orange juice is alcohol and join everyone." Wu Na said with a smile from beside her.
 
Ye Tian suddenly realised and hurried to raise her orange juice. The five of them drank together.
 
That night, in the apartment.
 
"Little Tian, the best show in the world is called Sisters. You must keep it safe, this is our ID so you can watch it. It's our favorite show. You must appreciate it's essence." Lin Le said as he seized Little Ye Tian and leaned in over her shoulder.
 
Ye Tian who was still ignorant of the world, nodded her head wanting to fit in with this warm family.
 
"Remember to vote for A'Suo..." A'Xiong who was showering shouted with a big laugh.
 
"You won't want to watch it..." Wu Na sighed.
 
"Just do as your heart wishes..." Ye Cang looked at the distant scenery and murmured.
 
Little Ye Tian was puzzled. Should she watch or shouldn’t she!? Thinking it over, she decided to watch it. After the first episode, she was immediately captivated. Her curiosity spurred her to continue watching. By the 2nd episode, she had become a fan of Sisters. She was a faithful supporter of the boyfriend, A’Xiang.
 
Very late night, under the half moon.
 
Little Ye Tian was with Ye Cang out on the little balcony.
 
“Don’t think too much, just live happily.” Ye Cang smiled and reached out to pet Little Ye Tian’s head. He had emphasized the word happily.
 
“I got it, father.” Little Ye Tian innocently smiled. She greedily took in the warmth from the gentle palm on her head.
 
“Don’t call me father, I’m only older than you by one gene chain.” Ye Cang said, opening a can of beer.
 
Little Ye Tian looked a little sad as she nodded her head.
 
Ye Cang saw her sad little face and helplessly shrugged. He reached out to pet her head again and said with a smile. “Really, what do I do with you… You can continue to call me what you want, but in the game you must call me team leader or boss.”
 
“Mm!” Ye Tian nodded again and again.
 
“Do you know about the moon?” Ye Cang said looking at the gentle half moon.
 
“Mm, the moon, volume 2.199x10^10 cubic kilometers. Surface area of 3.79x10^7 square kilometers. Average orbital revolution of 27.32 days. Periapsis of 363,300 kilometers. Apoapsis of 405,500 kilometers. It’s a satellite of earth. Why?” Little indifferent smiled and said. 
 
“Eh… not bad. I also think so, but I wanted to talk about the moonlight…” Ye Cang froze then happily nodded his head and said.
 
“The speed of light is about 299,792.458km/s. The moonlight is merely sun’s light reflecting off it’s surface. It is really useful for vegetation at night. Legends say that werewolves turn into their wolf forms on a full moon, but there is no scientific basis, and is currently classified as an unknown phenomenon. I personally prefer the theory that increased gravity and the amount of light, causes many creatures to create a certain hormone. For example, the Oestrus Phenomenon...” Little Ye Tian interrupted him and said.
 
Ye Cang froze again, then took a deep breath. “Cough~ Cough~ speaking of the moon, one will think of Chang’e. You...”
 
“Chang’e, a character from an ancient chinese myth. The daughter of Di Ku, one of the five legendary emperors<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>. Hou Yi<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>’s wife. Extraordinarily beautiful. Originally known as Heng’e. Changed during the Han dynasty, in order to avoid the fourth emperor Han WenDi’s taboo<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup>. She’s also been called Chun Hu, or Yuan’e. Legends say that because she stole the elixir of immortality, the Queen Mother of the West<sup>[4](#footnote4)</sup> made her float away, and now she lives in a palace on the moon, unable to return. There are many stories involving her, but I personally think she’s a sl\*t. Seeking immortality, regardless of the love her husband’s genitals gave her and her female virtues; although female virtues seem a bit inhuman now, but at the time it was different; that sl\*t stole the elixir of immortality that the Queen Mother of the West gave her husband Hou Yi. She threw away her husband, and swallowed the pill to live a long life alone. However, it was because of this, it became easier to write more about that b\*tch.” Little Ye Tian angrily spouted like a dignified scholar.
 
Ye Cang’s heart felt smothered and he sighed deeply. “Ok, let’s not talk about Chang’e. How about the Jade Hare...”
 
“Legends say there were 3 immortal daoists that incarnated as 3 pitiful old men. They went to the fox, monkey, and hare to beg for food. The fox and the monkey both took out food for the old men, only the hare didn’t have any. Afterwards, the hare said to the old men “You can eat me.” and then jumped into the fire. The daoists were all moved, and sent the hare to live at the moon palace as the jade hare. Afterwards, the jade hare accompanied Chang’e in the moon palace and created immortal elixirs. This is the jade hare’s biography. He was a really cunning guy. But afterwards, many bards and poets portrayed that sl\*t Chang’e and that cute hare as the same person. Although Li ShangYin’s<sup>[5](#footnote5)</sup> “Chang’e must regret stealing the elixir of life, blue sea and blue sky, night after night in her heart.” Actually what he wanted to say was that Chang’e was the Jade Hare, but I want to ask him based on what? Sl\*ts are sl\*ts and bunnies are bunnies.” Little Ye Tian looked at the half-moon and again interrupted.

---

TN: My... the mouth on this little girl...

If you're interrested in hearing the two legends in more detail, look them up ^^ I tried googling it but every site I went to told it a little bit differently, so you can pick the one you like lol.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Sovereigns_and_Five_Emperors">Three Soveriengs and Five emperors</a> were a group of mythological rules.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houyi">Legendary chinese archer.</a>

<a name="footnote3">3</a>: Heng was the emperor’s personal name.

<a name="footnote4">4</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Mother_of_the_West">A chinese goddess.</a>

<a name="footnote5">5</a>: Li ShangYin is a poet. <a href="https://eastasiastudent.net/china/classical/li-shangyin-chang-e/">Click here for a translation of the poem.</a>