---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 201"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

**Chapter 201: Meeting the Family**

ThornyRose told him of the mysterious rumors about herself and FrozenBlood, as well as her parent's plight. 

"It turns out you and FrozenBlood were an item. I had no idea..." Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded.

The corners of ThornyRose's mouth twitched. *Does this guy only hear what he wants to hear?* She roared at him in a low voice, "FrozenBlood and I are only very close friends..."

"A'Xiong, breaking news..." Ye Cang was about to turn when ThornyRose's hand was placed on his head. Ye Cang noticed her twisted expression and said indifferently, "I''m just kidding... I understand."

"So I need someone to pretend to be my boyfriend and help me get over this problem. Recently, I've been putting all my attention to the game and league competition, so help me out. Tonight, there is a feast at my house. If I choose someone too ordinary, they'll see right through it. However, if it's you... it should be fine..." ThornyRose said while looking at Ye Cang's strange appearance.

"Ok, tell me when it's time..." Ye Cang said with a shrug. He had given it some thought; although it was annoying, the crazy woman was currently his boss and had power.

"Now... If we rush back to the capital, it'll be just past 6. The meal is at 8. That gives us a bit of time to prepare. Let's go." ThornyRose said.

Ye Cang frowned. "So rushed? Alright, I'll go tell my little brother and the others."

"Mm..." ThornyRose sighed. Looking at Ye Cang's figure. None of them looked alike, except for Little Ye Tian. Just what kind of experiences had they been through to end up living like this as a family. Even in the game, she could tell how close they were. Ye Cang was clearly like the head of the house, While Zhang ZhengXiong was like a guardian, taking care of everyone. 

Ye Cang returned to the cottage to tell Zhang ZhengXiong and the others, "A'Xiong, take care of Lele and Little Tian. I'm going to visit the capital. I'll be back tomorrow..."

"Brother Lil'White, what are you going for?" Lin Le asked.

"Sister's episode 36..." Ye Cang faintly smiled and walked away proudly.

"So he's acting as the fake boyfriend. In that episode, A'Duo, while knowing that A'Xiang was her sister's boyfriend, persuaded A'Xiang to help her deal with her ex. In the end, A'Suo misunderstood, and the two of them began to fight..." Lin Le muttered.

Little Ye Tian was a bit hesitant, but didn't say anything. With her father's strength, what was there to worry about...

"Bro, remember to bring a roast duck when you return. A traditional one!!" Zhang ZhengXiong shouted.

"And other local specialties!!" Lin Le also shouted as loud as he could.

"I got it..." Ye Cang's voice gradually faded.

"Let's go fishing. This isn't enough for Brother Xiong to eat..." Little Ye Tian said, looking at the food on the table.

"Later, we can roast some fish on the beach. Since bro's not around, we can do it ourselves..." Zhang ZhengXiong walked out with a smile. The three of them walked towards their little boat.

Inside a luxury cabin of a hovering train, Ye Cang was sitting across from ThornyRose and had his gazed fixed on her, making her feel rather embarrassed. Mainly because his gaze still remained indifferent. Her face blushed as she spoke, "What are you staring at me for?"

"You're only a 36D in real life... lier..." Ye Cang said.

"Eh..." ThornyRose felt speechless, then forced a smile. "Let's stop by the barber, and then get you some clothes. Your hair is too messy, and it's almost to your shoulders. Do you only get it cut every other year?"

"You don't understand, this is a style..." Ye Cang pointed towards his tangled hair and said seriously.

"Alright, Alright. In any case, we still have to tidy it up..." ThornyRose was too lazy to argue with him. She didn't know why, but it felt natural being with him, which made her smile. It felt peaceful even though she didn't know much about him. *He's probably had his fair share of troubles due to his outer appearance. When mother sees those fluttering white eyelashes, she'll definitely be stunned.* ThornyRose thought foundly with a smile...

When they arrived at the capital, ThornyRose brought the beach boy Ye Cang to buy a casual suit. Then they went to her favorite stylist to fix up his disheveled hair. 

"Miss Qin, Mister Ye, are you satisfied?" The stylist, Carry, asked with a smile.

Ye Cang looked at himself, who was now a on a whole new level of handsome. His bangs had been cut to just above his eyes, and his hair had been tied up. Along with the suit, he looked like a completely different person. He patted Carry's shoulders, expressing his approval, and said indifferently, "Not bad. Much better than the old man in that 100 federal dollar barber shop..."

"......" Carry chest tightened. *Who do you think I am!? Comparing me to some random old barber!?* She began to laugh stiffly, "Haha, haha, you flatter me..."

ThornyRose was astonished. He looked pretty good after some fixing up. He wore a black suite with a purple shirt underneath, making the color of his hair even more dazzling. The only problem now was that he was a bit too thin, and not tall enough. That guy wasn't as tall as her, and she was actually fatter than him... She felt a bit jealous. As for a tie, it wasn't necessary.

ThornyRose wore a black evening dress. Standing together, they still looked alright. "Let's go..."

...

"Qin Zhen, that girl. Didn't she say she was bringing her boyfriend over? Why is she not here yet..." Mrs Qin said, looking anxiously out the window.

"They're here... Ah, such an unusual choice of hair color. It turns out our daughter likes guys that are unconventional..." Mr Qin muttered.

"Liking unconventional men is better than liking that Su family girl. Let's go have a look..." Mrs Qin rolled her eyes at her husband.

"That's true..." Mr Qin shrugged.

ThornyRose was a bit nervous. She locked arms with Ye Cang, saw his indifferent expression, and relaxed. This guy...

"Zhen'er..." Mr Qin smiled, then walked over with Mrs Qin to examine the calm Ye Cang. From far away, they could only see his white hair, but now they saw the guy's eyebrows and eyelashes were all white. He even had pink pupils. However, as a whole, he looked pretty good, just a little bit strange...

ThornyRose noticed her father and mother sizing him up, and became even more nervous.

"You two must be Mr and Mrs Qin. I'm Ye Cang, A'Zhen's boyfriend..." Ye Cang said with a smile, appearing neither servile nor overbearing. He then reached out his white and clean hand towards Mr Qin. 

ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang's demeanor and thought: *This low life is good. No stage fright at all. On the contrary, it's me that's showing weakness. Come on me!* 

Mr Qin looked at Ye Cang's first impression, and was very satisfied. Very courteous and appropriate. He reached out grasped his hand. *Let's test him out.* Mr Qin began increasing the strength of his grip, but got no reaction at all. *Eh, interesting.* He used even more strength, but it was pointless. With a smile, he continued using more and more.

"Mr Qin, anymore and I don't think I can take it..." Ye Cang pretended put on an embarrassed smile.

Although Mrs Qin also minded the external appearance, but the earlier performance showed that this kid was not bad. While shaking hands, he had managed to make Mr Qin use a bit of internal strength, yet still maintained his calm. He even took the initiative to concede. This kid, who seemed quite easy going and mature, was not someone simple. That girl managed to find a pretty good weirdo. Although a bit weak looking, and a not as tall as their daughter, at least it was a man. Mrs Qin faintly smiled. *Zhen'er doesn't care about his appearance, so I won't either.* She looked at Ye Cang, quite pleased with him...
