---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 202"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, NinNin"
---

**Chapter 202: Banquet**

"Ok, come in first. Your cousin, as well as the Su family, Liu Family, and many others have all come..." Mrs Qin smiled and invited them into the house.

The villa made Ye Cang sigh. It wa so huge that it even took some time to drive from the gate to the mansion. Entering through the front doors, the inside was grand and majestic. The large wooden doors leading to the banquet hall was not far away, the room filled with guests. Mr Qin looked at Ye Cang and smiled. "Young man, where are you from?" He knew that Ye Cang and his daughter had met in the virtual world.

"Lin Hai..." Ye Cang replied with a calm smile.

"The Sea of Stars, there's really nothing more beautiful. Right now should be the peak period for tourists. By the way, you seem to be a bit younger than our Zhen'er..." Mr Qin said with a grin.

"Mm. I'm a student at Lin Hai college. I'll soon be a 3rd year..." Ye Cang's words made Mrs Qin sigh in relief. About 4 years difference wasn't too bad, it was within the acceptable range. She became even more satisfied with him, because she more or less knew her daughter's preferences. Of course, the lesbian thing... she just couldn't make sense of it. Everytime she went out to play mahjong, she would hear about it, giving her endless grief. 

At this time, they had already entered the banquet hall. Countless eyes looked over, sweeping over Ye Cang. There were really many people, at least several hundred, and they were all celebrities. Ye Cang's gaze landed on an extremely handsome, short haired man with sharp eyes. *Those eyes, it's him... Brother CloudDragon.*

CloudDragon also noticed Ye Cang. *He looks the same in reality? Really an interesting guy.* He smiled and nodded, then returned to drinking his wine.

FrozenBlood was standing in a corner watching FrozenCloud hiding under a table. "Going so far..."

"You're not the mole!" FrozenCloud said unhappily.

Mr Su patted FrozenBlood's shoulder. "I know you have it hard right now, but... Little Zhen has already found a man and abandoned you. Be strong..."

"..." FrozenBlood didn't know how to reply. There were so many people around, she couldn't exactly flare up.

Mr Qin didn't ask Ye Cang anything about his family or background. Mrs Qin had left and returned to her room. Ye Cang and ThornyRose were in the middle of the banquet. From time to time, people would come over and inquire, and ThornyRose would quickly explain, saying Ye Cang ran a little business in the virtual reality industry, and that he was also part of her club.

What surprised Ye Cang was that he actually met a few acquaintances of his. They were the ones who were almost killed by him, Qing Yun and Hong Ling. He slowly walked over to them. "Yo, long time no see..."

The moment they realized who it was, they wanted to get away. This guy was too terrifying. Hong Ling squeezed out a smile, "Thank you for saving us last time..."

"Well said, well said. No need for thanks. Where's the baldy..." Ye Cang said cheerfully.

Qing Yun laughed bitterly. The people who dared call their leader a baldy were not many. "Leader is busy with other things..."

"Mm, well eat and drink lots. Don't hold back..." Ye Cang reached out his hand. Qing Yun wanted to dodge the white hand that had once casually cut a B ranked esper into thousands of meat chunks, but didn't dare. She felt the hand pat her shoulder a few times. Her back was covered in cold sweat. *This Qin Family little miss's boyfriend is actually our Dragon group's honorary member. She probably doesn't even know. I only knew after investigating. This guy's files listed him as SSS rank and was classified as top secret. A super terrifying existence whose files were restricted to all except the leader.* They had come to attend the banquet today to give face to these powerful families, whose influence and power the Dragon group couldn't do without. In fact, she herself was from the Li family. 

Hong Ling saw Ye Cang turn to leave, and sighed in relief. "I feel like he's even more terrifying than vice-leader, I don't know why."

Qing Yun didn't say anything, merely nodding in reply. After that incident, 10,000 souls had completely withdrawn from Lin Hai, and it wasn't the doing of their boss. It was all because of this white haired guy. She recalled how Ren Long had seen their heavy injuries and sighed in relief, "I was going to tell you in the future. Next time you go to Lin Hai for business, besides the local Song family, Zhang family, and a few other powerful families, you also have to be careful of a few individuals. Gamer, the Cruel Woman, as well as Lin Hai's strongest underground organization's boss - Explosion King. Of course, there's one more guy which is the one you met, Ye Cang. He could be considered one of us, Codename: Silver Dragon, the protector of Lin Hai's east district..."

Mrs Qin received the results of an investigation she had ordered, and murmured, "Ye Cang, orphan. Who would have thought he had such a dark past. A member of Lin Hai's Five Schools Competition team. He has a little sister and a non-blood-related brother. Oh~~ He might have connections with the Dragon group. His home address is Yue Ling street, a small cottage by Songyang coast. Owns a boat. No bad records. His little sister is barely 11, but is registered as 18. A researcher at Lin Hai college. The non-blood-related brother is a core member of Lin Hai's Five School Competition team. Easily defeated everyone at the exchange with the island nations. A genius martial artist. They all come from common background, but one is a genius intellectual and the other a genius martial artist. Only this brother, the school says there's nothing outstanding about him? Haha~ such an interesting evaluation. That white haired guy is definitely not some simple person. What average, just being related to the Dragon group guarantees he's not some average guy. Looks like Zhen'er's boyfriend has quite a few secrets..."

Mr Qin also arrived at this time. He took the data and glanced through it. "Future son-in-law is interesting..."

Returning to the ballroom. Many people now thought Ye Cang was the president of a small virtual business, so didn't bother being cordial with him. In fact, many openly despised him. Among them were many of ThornyRose's pursuers. Her little cousin, Qin Ming, who was also part of the Qin family clan, looked at Ye Cang with eyes full of contempt. *Isn't it just a president of some tiny company?* He thought with a sneer. *Watch me mess with you to death.* He slowly walked over and swung his shoulder wanting to knock Ye Cang over while feigning an accident.

ThornyRose frowned and was about to warn him, but Ye Cang just smiled indifferently at her. He didn't do anything at all. The two people's shoulders touched. What surprised Qin Ming and the other younger generation was that Ye Cang's thin body actually wasn't knocked over. Rather, it was Qin Ming who ended up falling.

"My bad, I wasn't paying attention. You're not hurt are you?" Ye Cang courteously extended his hand, grabbed his shoulder, and directly lifted him up until he was hanging in midair. Then, as if setting up a toy, he put him down and straightened him out. "Sorry about that, I've been unnaturally strong since I was young. If I accidently hurt you, then I apologize..."

"You!!" Qin Ming felt himself getting picked up with one hand by Ye Cang, as if being treated like a toy, and was going to start  causing trouble.

"Qin Ming! That's enough, aren't you ashamed!" ThornyRose shouted. Her little cousin was usually good tempered. He was just thinking of her. She grabbed Qin Ming and began lecturing him quietly, "Don't cause trouble for this lady, otherwise I'll have you suffer! Damn brat..."

"I..." Qin Ming wanted to say something but was stopped by ThornyRose's expression. The two of them had a pretty good relationship since childhood, ThornyRose was always like a sister to him. This made him unhappy seeing her with the frail looking Ye Cang, thinking he was incapable of taking care of her.

Qin Ming looked towards Ye Cang and shouted quietly, "I admit you're a bit stronger than me, but if you make sister Zhen sad, I won't spare you..."

Ye Cang looked towards Qin Ming, who had his two hands balled into fists as he left in a fury, and his expression became gentler. The guy reminded him of A'Xiong.

"That brat. Always clinging to me, but he's never caused problems before. At least he's not as arrogant as the other younger generation brats..." ThornyRose said with a smile.

CloudDragon raised an eyebrow having witnessed the scene just now. *Oh~~ He's an expert in reality too.* His eyes narrowed in expectation.
