---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 203"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

**Chapter 203: Old Qin Zhong**

ThornyRose thought back to the earlier scene. *This guy is strong. Qin Ming strength is already pretty good, yet he was treated like a little chick. You really can't tell from that frail figure of his.* FrozenBlood was also surprised by Ye Cang's actions. 

Ye Cang slowly arrived at CloudDragon's side, and reached out his hand with his usual indifferent smile. "Brother CloudDragon..."

"PaleSnow..." CloudDragon also reached out a hand. The two of them grasped hands, but didn't compete in strength.

ThornyRose's parents took notice of this interaction between them.

"CloudDragon, that kid, actually shook hands with him. I know how that kid usually acts..." Mr Qin said, amazed.

"Indeed..." Mrs Qin faintly nodded.

Taking advantage of the time Ye Cang and CloudDragon were shaking hands, FrozenCloud ran, disappearing like a wisp of smoke.

Mr Su watched with a frown, somewhat displeased. "This girl is becoming more and more unmannered..."

FrozenBlood stood at the side not saying a word. She continued to watch Ye Cang and ThornyRose.

At this time, an old man entered from outside. The lively chatter stopped as everyone looked towards him and bowed their heads in greeting. This was was one of the Qin family's 5 elders, Qin Zhong, ThornyRose's grandfather, who was a powerful figure in the capital.

"Grandfather!" ThornyRose happily ran towards him.

"Haha~ Zhen'er, I hear you brought a boyfriend home. I have to at least test him a bit..." Qin Zhong smiled brightly and embraced his granddaughter, then looked towards Mr and Mrs Qin.

"Father..." The two of them greeted. The surrounding guests called out to him respectfully, one after the other. "Lord Qin..."

"Which one of you is my granddaughter's boyfriend!" Old Qing called out.

Ye Cang was a bit speechless, this was getting more and more out of hand. Wasn't he just acting as some crazy woman's boyfriend? He felt like he was in some parade. He slowly raised his hand and announced himself, "Me sir... Ye Cang"

Qin Zhong looked over, and was stunned by Ye Cang's unusual appearance. He faintly narrowed his eyes, as his strength started leaking out. He saw that Ye Cang appeared to look weak and frail, but his eye's didn't shrink back or cower, rather they remained indifferent. *Not bad, to not be scared by my reputation.* He then shouted gruffly, "Come and let me have a look..."

"Father, don't scare away the hard to come by male son-in-law. Zhen'er finally stopped being lesbian..." Mrs Qin came to his side and whispered.

"......" *Mother, so part of the reason this rumor spread so far is because of you.*

"Right, you are correct, I didn't think enough. Our family line is dependent on this white hair. I won't ask for anything else..." Old Qin quickly nodded and whispered back. He then put on a kind smile, "Come come~ young man, come and let me see you..."

ThornyRose wanted to smash her head into a wall. Especially because of FrozenBlood, who was off to the side acting disappointed and speaking in a voice that was not too loud nor too soft, "Zhen'er, you're so heartless. But I can only give up, and wish you well... and get over you..."

"Zhen'er, Little Icy has already generously forgiven you." Mr Qin squeezed her shoulders to comfort her. He then turned and nodded towards FrozenBlood. "Little Icy, thanks..."

"It's nothing uncle Qin. Afterall, although she and I can't be together, but our friendship still remains..." FrozenBlood said with a smile that could make others feel heartache. She was secretly thinking, *The acting book in FrozenCloud's room is pretty useful...*

ThornyRose was temporarily stunned by her act, but then gnashed her teeth in anger. All the surrounding guests began whispering, tricked by FrozenBlood, who now had her head down and was shaking from holding in her laughter. *This b\*tch doesn't let go of any opportunity to stab this lady in the back.*

Ye Cang doubtfully walked towards Old Qin, and the two of them faced each other.

"Young man, show me your strength. Hit me once in the chest! Come! Use all your power!" Old Qin patter Ye Cang's shoulder and then stuck out his chest.

"That's not a good idea. I'm very strong..." Ye Cang hesitated.

"Haha~ Interesting. Come, you can't hurt me..." Old Qin laughed out loudly. The surrounding guests also began to laugh. They thought this white hair didn't know how high the heavens were.

"I'm really very strong..." Ye Cang repeated seriously.

"Less nonsense. I'm telling you to hit, so hit. Why all this rubbish..." Old Qin roared.

"Hah..." Ye Cang sighed, and began to estimated Old Qin's strength. *Very strong. He will probably use two layers of qi to defend. Since I'm acting, then I should do it well. I have to earn their approval. Well then, I'll use a bit of strength, and make it look flashy.* Ye Cang began to crack his knuckles. The cracking sounds echoed throughout the hall. Then suddenly, the blue veins on his face started throbbing. What shocked everyone was that they could hear the sound of his muscles stretching and twitching. His two eyes flashed silver, and he raised his fist, as if to gather all his strength. He roared, "True! Ultimate! Straight Punch!!"

Mr and Mrs Qin, as well as the guests, were all startled by Ye Cang's throbbing veins. The sight of him with all his veins visible was frightening. This punch would probably be pretty strong. Just its appearance looked pretty ferocious...

Old Qin faintly smiled, and applied a layer of qi to defend himself. Ye Cang's jab exploded onto his chest, instantly breaking through the layer of qi. Old Qin was shocked. Such strong penetrative power!? He quickly circulated his qi to add another layer, however Ye Cang's punch had already landed. 

Old Qin felt a sharp pain in his chest, as if his insides were churning. *This bastard injured me!!* His expression however, didn't change. He reached out his hand to pat Ye Cang's shoulder. "Not bad, not bad. Young man... you have potential..."

Ye Cang retracted his throbbing veins. The punch just now probably hurt quite a bit. The old man didn't defend in time. He quickly offered praise, "Lord Qin is truly unrivaled..."

CloudDragon couldn't help laughing. He knew how freakishly strong Old Qin Zhong was, however, he really let his guard down too much, so he suffered a punch. However, that punch was truly very strong. This showed that Ye Cang was also not an ordinary expert. It appeared it they would be rivals not only in the game. These thoughts made his lips curl into a smile...

"Kid, don't make me beat you up..." Qin Zhong roared in a low voice as Ye Cang praised him while restraining his laughter. Earlier he had seen that slip of a smile... *This kid is two-faced. However, his strength isn't any martial arts I know. I couldn't feel any qi or inner strength. It must be a super power. Going by the stages for martial artists, he's should be equivalent to an Acquired stage in strength (Stages: Qi Refining, Houtian(Aquired), Xiantian(Innate), Three Treasures, Five Qis, Ascended, Greater Ascended, Divine). This son in law... I like him.*

Mr Qin noticed his father was in a lot of pain. "Alright, let's end the banquet here for today. Thanks everyone for coming..."

Once he spoke, it only took a while before only Ye Cang, ThornyRose, and her family remained in the banquet hall.

"Stinking brat, that was a good punch. It was so fast I couldn't put up a second defence..." Old Qin saw that the people were gone and sat down with a sigh. "I'm going back to rest. Brat, come to the courtyard tomorrow morning..."

Ye Cang faintly nodded. If he praised the old man again, he would probably flip out... so he chose to remain silent.

Mr Qin watched his father return, recalling his childhood. He put a hand on Ye Cang's shoulder and said gratefully, "Good-Son-in-law, that punch earlier, well done..."

ThornyRose, Ye Cang, and Mrs Qin all broke out in cold sweat. His form of address had changed. "..."
