---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 204"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 204: Ophiuchus**

Soon, Mr Qin sent ThornyRose and Mrs Qin away, then brought Ye Cang to a study room. He took out a porcelain wine bottle. "Want a drink?"

Ye Cang nodded. Although he didn't particularly like alcohol, he didn't hate it either. "Thank you sir..."

ThornyRose had returned to her room, and began to worry about being exposed...

"Little Ye, are you a member of the Dragon group?" Mr Qin said while passing him a cup.

"How should I explain it... I can be considered a member, an idle member..." Ye Cang replied while politely taking the cup.

The two of them drain it in one go. Mr Qin more or less knew Ye Cang's position in the Dragon group. He should be an external member stationed at Lin Hai. Someone who would provide information. "I have a question. Your white hair is natural right?"

Ye Cang nodded. Although it wasn't completely natural, but it has been this way for as long as he could remember.

"Little Ye, since you and Zhen'er plan to be together, I won't treat you like an outsider. If you're free, come visit us in the capital. I won't bother you by saying anything else." Mr Qin said with a faint smile, and then poured them another shot.

Ye Cang had a response to every question. After a few more drinks, he looked at Mr Qin, who had fallen asleep, and sighed. He took a blanket and covered him with it, then walked out of the study, and saw ThornyRose waiting there. "Yo..."

"Yo my ass... father?" ThornyRose wasn't in the mood to mess around.

"Asleep..." Ye Cang said indifferently. ThornyRose was amazed. This damn guy sure is good with alcohol. She brought Ye Cang to a guest room which had been prepared for him. "You can sleep here for tonight, then go back to Lin Hai tomorrow..."

"Mm, goodnight..." Ye Cang yawned and untied his white hair, then sat on the bed. The two of them looked at each other silently for a while before he said to her, "Still not leaving?"

"Can't you just chat nicely!?" ThornyRose sighed, then closed the door and sat on the couch.

"What's your star-sign..." Ye Cang thought of things to talk about, and asked.

"I!" ThornyRose's chest felt stuffy, but she held back her retort. This was a start at least. If she returned to her room so early, that woman would get suspicious. "Virgo..."

"Hah~ No wonder you don't get along with others. Everyone hates virgos..." Ye Cang had a 'so that's why' expression as he nodded. 

ThornyRose squeezed her words out through clenched teeth, "What star-sign are you..."

"Guess..." Ye Cang smiled.

ThornyRose gripped her fists tightly. *This damn lowlife. Endure. Endure.* "Scorpio..."

"Almost, guess again..." Ye Cang said while brushing his hair with his hands, and leaning against the wall.

"Libra?" ThornyRose asked doubtfully. If Scorpio was close, then it's probably Libra.

"Wrong, but really close now." Ye Cang fluffed his pillow, finding it just right, and decided to bring it home with him.

*Scorpio then Libra. He said Libra was even closer, then it should be Aquarius? Yeah, that should be right.* "Aquarius?"

"Still wrong, continue..." Ye Cang laid down on the bed, and turned to look at the moon outside the window.

"What is it!?" ThornyRose shouted.

"No patience. I'm Ophiuchus..." Ye Cang said, still smiling indifferently.

"F\*\*k your Ophiuchus! How is that one of the 12 constellations!?" ThornyRose exploded into curses.

"It should be. The hidden 13th star-sign, which crosses the ecliptic, between scorpio and sagittarius. It has countless connections to the 12 star-signs, yet is classified as number 13, because 13 is an unlucky number..." Ye Cang murmured, hands behind his head, watching the stars. These were words QinXue had said to him about Ophiuchus. Words that he had memorized.

"Really?" ThornyRose took out her phone and began looking it up. It really was along the ecliptic, known as the 13th star-sign among astrologers - Ophiuchus. It represents gratitude and grudges. Ophiuchus would rather not be cared about and don't care about others. Based on a myth about the god of medicine, Asclepius, who discovered the secret to immortality and was smited by Zeus. His figure was then imprinted into the sky, becoming Ophiuchus...

ThornyRose felt a pain in her chest. This guy not only looked strange, he even gave himself a strange star-sign. *Guess guess guess, how was I supposed to guess that! I would have gone through all 12 star-signs and you would still say it's wrong! You actually pull out some 13th star-sign. I'll guess your face!* She held back her outburst. "Ok, Ophiuchus it is..."

"What did you eat today..." Ye Cang asked another question. 

ThornyRose opened her mouth, but wasn't sure how she should reply, so instead asked, "Have you been in love?"

Ye Cang hesitated. "Mind your own business..."

ThornyRose wasn't angry. Instead she smiled. She felt a bit hurt, but even more than that, she was curious. This guy with his extremely vile and retarded nature, has been in love? It was unimaginable. Although he was in the prime of his life, just the hair color was something many people couldn't accept. She walked over and sat beside him. "Tell me..."

"Go go go, go to your room and sleep..." Ye Cang said, shooing her out, even though he was the guest.

"I'm not leaving unless you tell me..." ThornyRose said, laying down. They laid face to face, which gave her the urge to bite him. From this distance, she could smell the alcohol in his breath, and see a trace of redness on his face the drinking. Being this close, she couldn't help blushing. She quickly turned around to face a wall.

Ye Cang sighed. That alcohol was very strong. He was someone who could drink 1000 shots before passing out, so it was hard to get drunk. It was even hard to become tipsy, yet this wine actually made him a bit tipsy. *Not bad...* He thought, as he turned to look at the ceiling. "That year, I was still young. It was a rainy night. I was out buying instant noodles and steamed buns, when I passed by a small alley... I heard the weak and helpless cries of a girl, so I went in to investigate and found a pair of brother and sister, both covered in cuts and bruises, holding each other for warmth. The siblings were already weak, I could tell from their breathing. Granny always told me that good deeds would always be rewarded, so I walked over and used my umbrella to cover them from the rain. I asked them, were they cold, were they hungry. They actually thought that I was the grim reaper, coming to take them to hell..."

ThornyRose couldn't help smiling. If she saw him in the middle of the night with his white hair, she would also have been startled, let alone two helpless children. "What happened next..."

She heard Ye Cang's peaceful breathing, and her veins throbbed, but she immediately relaxed and smiled. Looking at his calm face, she couldn't help reaching out and brushing away the white hair covering his forehead. Suddenly, her face turned beat red. She quickly got up and ran out of the room. *So close! I almost did something I shouldn't have...* She patted her chest, then looked at him one last time before closing the door. "Good night..."
