---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 205"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, FAiri110"
---

### Chapter 205: Resourceful Youngster

Early morning. Ye Cang was woken up by a loud sound. He opened his eyes to see the door to his room come flying towards him. "Grand-son-in-law, get up!"

Ye Cang was immediately speechless. He yawned and casually reached out his hand, touching the door, immediately reducing it to splinters.

"Good kid. You controlled your strength and body well..." Old Qin watched his lazy actions which made it look like the door had fallen apart by itself. *It turns out this kid was going easy on me last night!*

Ye Cang froze. He had accidently exposed a bit of his strength. With a sigh, he reckoned that this old man would bother him forever until he got what he wanted. Seeing the tiger like palm coming towards him, he leapt through the window to the outside, arriving in the courtyard. Landing softly, he began to run his hand through his messy hair. *So it was hereditary... The crazy old man's granddaughter is also crazy. Hah~* "Lord Qin, could you let me off. It's so early..." 

"Last night I let my guard down! It hurt like hell! Today I will return that punch to you!!" Old Qin roared, emitting an oppressive aura as he jumped out the window. "Don't say I'm bullying you. I'll only use 30% power to play with you!"

Ye Cang sighed. His two hands spread out, slowly rising, and began to traced out the Pegasus constellation. "Pegasus! Meteor! Fist!! (Pagasasu Ryusei Ken)<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>"

Old Qin saw the fist come crashing towards him. "Good! Heaven Concealing Palm!"

Ye Cang's Pegasus Meteor Fist was blocked by the palm. Pulling back his fist, his hands posed like the wing of a goose and began to flap. "Experience my Diamond Dust (Daiyamondo Dasuto)<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>!"

A cold stream shot forth. Old Qin raised his brows. What kind of attacks were these? No proper combat technique would be so complicated. "One Step Punch!"

"Rising Dragon Punch (Rozan Sho Ryu Ha)<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup>!" Ye Cang suddenly balled his fist, tightened his muscles, and punched upwards, shooting a burst of air. 

The two of them were both pushed back. Mr Qin, the butler, and ThornyRose all sensed the collision. They came to the courtyard and saw the two of them launched back after colliding fists.

"Good Rising Dragon Punch. Kid, you're imitating the saint's moves?" Old Qin figured out why the names sounded so familiar. It was a cartoon from hundreds of years ago that had been reproduced countless times. It was one of his childhood shows.

Ye Cang nodded. His two arms crossed pointing downwards, and then pulled to his sides. His legs slightly bent inwards. 

"Eh... Wing Chun<sup>[4](#footnote4)</sup>..." Old Qin was quite surprised. This was a really old martial art that was widely spread. Many people knew it, but it was difficult to train. It was divided into Siu Nim Tau, Chum Kiu, Chi Sau, Biu Ji, as well as Muk Yan Jong. 5 forms in all. It included training the body's balance and control of strength, which was difficult. Wing Chun was the core concept in the 'Way of the Intercepting Fist<sup>[5](#footnote5)</sup>'. 

Old Qin looked on doubtfully. He didn't think Ye Cang was the type who trained in Wing Chun. With a step off the limestone walkway, he charged over. Ye Cang welcomed him with a smile, and the two of them very naturally began an exchange of moves which flowed like the water...

"Zhen'er, this boyfriend of yours is very talented. His reaction speed is especially fast. Have you noticed? Before your grandfather's attack hits, he can strike back with his lightning fast reflexes." Mr Qin said.

ThornyRose was really amazed. This lowlife was actually so awesome. Although her grandfather only used a part of his strength, but not any martial artist could keep up with him.

Old Qin furrowed his brows. The kid's moves well, and reacts bizarrely fast. "Steel Fist!"

"Hiyah!!" Ye Cang shouted in a strange voice. His left hand deflected the incoming blow while he simultaneously leaned to the side. His right hand punched at Qin Zhong's rock-solid abdomen. Three Fold Force!

Old Qin once again felt a sharp pain. *F\*\*K! The Way of the Intercepting Fist's Three Fold Force. He barely managed to break through my defence, attacking my inner body. This little bastard, where did he get such a fast reaction time. More importantly, how can his body keep up? That's the most terrifying part. This guy's body is definitely not thin and weak, but refined to the peak. I noticed when we were fighting earlier, his fist is as hard as the hardest alloy. He must be a body enhancing esper!!*

"Nice. Tsk~ Tsk~ your grandfather has suffered another defeat under that 3 fold force. Zhen'er, you definitely have to hold onto this Good-Son-in-law. He's so wonderful, he can even hold his alcohol..." Mr Qin put a hand on ThornyRose's shoulder and urged her.

"..." ThornyRose smiled bitterly.

Old Qin increased his power to 40%, and his two hand began to crackle with lightning. "Heavenly Thunder Style - Thunder Shock!"

"I concede..." Ye Cang quickly turned tail and ran behind Mr Qin. "Lord Qin, is truly unrivaled... I've learned a lot from our exchange..."

Mr Qin watched the incoming blast of lightning and sighed. He made a circular gesture with his arms, "Disperse Lightning!" His two hands formed a trigram, and received Old Qin's lightning attack, which gradually disappeared. "Father, he's already admitted defeat, and you've already gone beyond third stage..."

"Out of the way! I have to hit him at least once!" Old Qin said, feeling the pain in his abdomen. His face was so twisted in anger that even his beard was crooked. He was still aching from yesterday, and now it was even worse. That guy was absolutely doing it on purpose! He saw a smile behind Ye Cang's apologetic expression.

"Father, this is the son-in-law that Zhen'er finally found. Moreover, he's this good. What if you injure him and he ends up leaving her? At that time, she'll definitely elope with that Su family girl. Reconsider, for Zhen'er's sake..." Mrs Qin also came to dissuade him.

These words were like an arrow stabbing through ThornyRose's heart. She despondently thought "I was definitely adopted..." as she looked at this mess.

"Umm, I have some things to do at home. I'll be going back..." Ye Cang said, and then disappeared from the Qin villa like a wisp of smoke.

"Such a resourceful young man..." Mr Qin exclaimed.

"I'm going back to my room..." ThornyRose started walking unsteadily towards her room.

"You have probably already investigated that kid right?" Old Qin recalled something.

"Mm..." Mrs Qin sent the data over.

"Orphan? Whoever abandoned such a genius just because of his white hair is an idiot." Old Qin said, then proceeded to read about Ye Cang's early years. He couldn't help feeling surprised when he saw the school's evaluation, which reminded him of the pain in his chest. "Bullsh\*t! Nothing special about him!? That kid is definitely holding back on purpose. To know how to lie low from such a young age, he's much too mature. He didn't even use his full strength when fighting with me. He didn't break a sweat. To be able to force me into the 4th stage. In his age group, the only ones who can do that are the Li family, Nalan family, CloudDragon and Gongsun Qian."

"Eh, two brothers and one blood related sister. His sister is 11 years old. Born in the capital. They met recently and now she's a researcher. Zhang ZhengXiong... genius martial artist. Lin Le... the great emperor of Ludo. Ye Cang is the fatherly figure, and an external member of the Dragon group stationed in Lin Hai. Interesting, interesting..." Old Qin grinned.

---

Some Saint Seiya references... See videos in the footnotes if you want to see the moves. Also some martial arts.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiKr9Z75sso"> Pegasus Meteor Punch </a>

<a name="footnote1">2</a>: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtfdlOH4ybk"> Diamond Dust </a>

<a name="footnote1">3</a>: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecilOh0FhwM"> Rising Dragon Punch </a>

<a name="footnote1">4</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wing_Chun"> Wing Chun </a>

<a name="footnote1">5</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeet_Kune_Do"> Way of the Intercepting Fist </a>
