---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 206"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 206: Battle is Within Sight

Ye Cang was currently sitting on a bench at the train station, drinking soda while waiting for his train. He sighed, took off his jacket, undid the buttons on the purple shirts sleeve, and ruffled his white hair. "That crazy woman owes me..."

He immediately thought of ways to threaten ThornyRose, and laughed like a villain. Beside him on the bench were various local products including roast duck...

At quarter past 11, Ye Cang arrived back at the seaside cottage, and saw the three of them playing on the sand which brought a smile to his face.. 

Lin Le saw the many packages of various sizes, and charged over recklessly. "Brother Lil'White is back! Roast duck! Local products! Local specialties! Roast Duck!!"

Lin Le grabbed all the things in Ye Cang's hand and charged into the cottage. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong laughed, while Little Ye Tian glared. She had just been crushed in a game of Ludo last night...

"Let's go in first and get a bite to eat. The break is almost over..." Ye Cang smiled and walked towards the little cottage.

"Bro, you're dressed so formally. You look good. What happened at ThornyRose's place? Did you, you know..." Zhang ZhengXiong made a wily grin. 

"Let's talk as we walk. I only went to help her out..." Ye Cang said as he gave Little Ye Tian a hug, then smacked Zhang ZhengXiong on the back of the head. "What goes on in that head of yours. However, their food is pretty good..."

The few of them chatted and laughed as they ate. Then entered the game.

Really New Village.

Regarding Really New Village's surrounding area, much of it was no longer a secret. Players had explored far in all directions. Finally, the time for battle approached. Every player was watching to see if this would be the trigger that would allow them to leave the village. Multiple big guilds had found quest lines that could potentially lead out of the village, with each of them keeping it confidential, unlike here at Really New Village, where almost everyone knew what was happening...

In the heart of the city.

Mar looked at CloudDragon, Ye Cang, and his own aides. "The time for Really New Village to cast away this gloom has come. Our blue scaled fishmen allies will launch an attack on the dark ravine with us. The treant elder will also provide us what assistance it can. As for the adventurers, White Hair, Iron Fist, you two will be in charge of leading the strong ones in the vanguard. Assemble at the village entrance when the sun rises! Dismissed!"

Once they were dismissed, everyone went about their own preparations. 

Ye Cang noticed that ThornyRose now had a bit of embarrassment when she looked at him, so he went over with a smile and made a joke, "I've~ got~ your~ butt~<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>"

*Scum! Lowlife!* ThornyRose ground her teeth. She looked away and saw FrozenBlood also smiling, "Me~ too~~<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>"

"Give~ me~ five~!<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>" Ye Cang looked to FrozenBlood and reached out a hand. 

"OK! Guys!<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>" FrozenBlood's cold face now had an evil smile as she gave Ye Cang a high-five.

Clap~...

ThornyRose began biting her nails. As they say, choose your friends wisely. It seems she had chosen wrong both times...

FrozenCloud suddenly felt that Sister Rose was pretty pitiful. This then led her to start thinking about what would happen if they discovered she was a mole and had been deceiving them. With how two-faced, vengeful, and vile team leader is, just thinking of it made her back shivered... *Looks like I can't escape punishment.*

ThornyRose sighed. "I'll go gather some manpower later. Low- Cough~ Cough~ PaleSnow, you guys go stand by at the general store until I'm done. None of the beginner villages have 'opened the door' yet. Our chance of 'opening it' is high with this quest. It should also reward us handsomely for being the first. Naturally, what this season's game will be like, I don't know, but the previous generations were all generous with the reward. Although the reward is also important, most important is being the first to step into the major cities!"

"Alright..." Ye Cang nodded. He brought his party to Rica's general store to prepare seasonings and to see if there were any interesting ingredients.

"Are you really going to eradicate the black werewolves?" Rica came and asked them.

"Mm, this should be our final order of business in Really New Village..." Little Ye Tian nodded. Really New Village had already developed to the point where most players were level 8-9. Her father was already level 12. According to the data she had obtained, they had reached a bottleneck where they could not improve or find any events that would be useful to them. Who knows what will happen to the village once the werewolves were eradicated, but it would have nothing to do with them. That would be something left for the next batch of players to explore. 

"Jesse wants to go too!!" Little Jesse said, pulling on his hand.

"A little kid like you shouldn't butt in. This is adult business!!" Lin Le raised his chin and said.

Little Jesse pouted, wanting to say something, when Ye Cang reached out and put a hand on his head. "Wait till you're a bit stronger. For now, you have to take good care of granny Rica, got it? Don't let her worry. Just leave the black werewolves to us. Granny Rica also shouldn't worry about it... take good care of Jesse..."

"Brother White Hair..." Little Jesse nodded. Rica understood that eradicating the black werewolves was something that had to be done. "Be careful. This is the protective charm I made. There are coincidently 5 of them. I was going to give them to some people many years ago, but I didn't finish them in time. You all must come back safely..."

Ye Cang took the 5 protective charms.

Rica's Self-Made Talisman of Protection (Special - Accessory)

Category: Accessory

Requirements: None

+5% Will

Special Effect: ???

He distributed the charm to everyone. They all looked at puzzled at the special effect. However, none of their accessory slots were full. On their team, only Ye Cang had an accessory. They each equipped the charm which gave them 5% Will.

Little Ye Tian watched as Rica took Little Jesse by the hand and left the room. "Father, this accessory will probably have a use during the Black Werewolves fight. This definitely isn't a coincidence. I've estimated the werewolves potential skills, and there is a chance they have a mind affecting ability. If I'm not wrong, this ??? will be used to negate a certain status affect."

FrozenCloud's jaws dropped as she listened to Little Ye Tian. This girl's ability to analyze was really too much. She also had her suspicions, and Little Ye Tian's words seemed to confirm them. She was about to speak up and say that she agreed.

"Brother Lil'White, Little Tian was thinking the same as me." Lin Le said while stroking his chin and nodding. FrozenCloud rolled her eyes while Little Ye Tian pouted. *This treacherous Lele! Trying to steal the results of my intelligence again!*

"This conjecture is pretty reasonable..." Zhang ZhengXiong also thought about it. This charm didn't seem that awesome, but it was probably made to deal with a specific event. Zhang ZhengXiong learned the workings of the virtual world very quickly.

"Well, whatever it does, everyone just take note of it. The sky... It will be day soon..." Ye Cang said smiling with anticipation. He looked over and saw Venus was in the east. 

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Spoken/written in english.
