---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 207"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 207: Bitter Fight in the Forest

Everyone gathered at the town entrance. Ye Cang looked at the vast formation of troops. It looked as if there were hundreds of thousands of people, and they weren't just novices. He even saw a few acquaintances, such as the people from the Flame Dragon Union. Ye Cang could feel ColdFront glaring at him, but he just nodded in return. "Hello..."

ColdFront clenched his fists. The quest to get out of the beginner village was within sight, and his guild leader had instructed him to help. WillowDream was the same. They all wanted to get to the next area as quickly as possible, and finally leave this beginner village. Wasting their time around here was hard to bear as the resources were too limited.

Mar walked in front. Accompanying him were Ye Cang as well as the Blue Scaled Fishmen's chief and high priest.

"March!!" Mar gave his wife a kiss and then brought the allied armies to charge towards the dark ravine.

"Really New Village's Military Campaign - Black Werewolves Subjugation, Begins! All participating players will obtain points according to their contribution! At the end, they will be exchanged for rewards!!" A world announcement appeared.

Even players who didn't join a guild followed behind the army planning to pick up some scraps. CloudDragon's people didn't stop them, merely asking them to coordinate with the allied armies and not cause trouble due to greed. The scattered players made up a large portion of the community, and their help might be needed. The most important thing was to complete this campaign, not to fight over some trivial contribution points.

The system announcement rang out once more, exciting the entire beginner village. Every big guild was watching this event. Really New Village has started to act!

The thick fog that used to cover the forest was scattered for the first time in a long while. Several hundred enormous Treants were led by Kunsa to disperse the fog as they awaited the arrival of the allied army.

"Senior Kunsa..." Mar humbly greeted. It was the honorable leader of the revived Treant's. He had talked about them with his parents before. The treant were very wise beings...

"The grudges against that evil wizard has brought us together..." Kunsa had the treant's join the two wings, helping to support everyone. Each step shook the ground. The players looked at these enormous treants, and felt their spirits soar...

"They're here. There's a lot of them..." Ye Cang narrowed his eyes and took out his heavy bow. Wolf howls rang out from every direction.

"Vanguard! Charge!!" Mar drew his longsword and roared.

CloudDragon began to command the fight. ThornyRose also commanded her side. Seeing the countless werewolves leaping out from between the trees or behind the shrubbery, Ye Cang shouted, "They're all strengthened elites!"

NalanMoon smiled bitterly. "As expected of such a quest. Even the minions are strengthened elites. The players will even have trouble dueling a normal elite. A strengthened one will probably require at least 3 of them. Everyone form teams of 4! Any groups that suffer casualties, immediately join up with another group. Fight 4 on 1 as much as possible!!"

NalanMoon turned and looked towards ThornyRose's side. Lin Le was taking on over hundred on his own, swinging his sword wildly. A few swings would take out a whole swath, killing them by the dozen. There was only 1 healer and 2 buffers supporting him. Looking at that heavy skeletal blade, as well as the dark aura coming off his armor, she thought, *This is probably Really New Village's strongest bulldozer...* Her eyes were then drawn towards Ye Cang's Flame Burst, arrows, and Ice Shards. All kinds of attacks were being launched by him, bombarding the enemies. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he was also fighting at least 10 on his own. The attacks of these strengthened elites didn't even tickle him. A normal player would have trouble surviving three hits, while the fragile classes might die in just 2...

Little Ye Tian raised her staff. "Blessing of Glory!"

Tens of thousands of people obtained a 10% buff to all their attributes, including Mar and the Fishmen Chief who were already killing with a single strike.

Little Ye Tian continued to cast another blessing, "Blessing of Strength!!!"

However, due to the range, with just two casts, her mana was immediately emptied. "Out of mana!!"

"Retreat to the support group. Once your mana is back, just focus on blessing..." CloudDragon saw the effects of the two blessings. They were extraordinary! He knew about the 10% blessing, but along with HeavenShakingMight's auras, the vanguard was now many times stronger.

Ye Cang disappeared and emerged from Little Ye Tian's shadow. CloudDragon raised an eyebrow. *A shadow teleport? This guy's rewards are pretty good.*

Ye Cang took out some stinky food that could restore mana. "Quickly eat..."

"......" Little Ye Tian trembled, then clenched her teeth, ate it, then passed out. While in shock, her mana recovered. 

CloudDragon sighed. The food's effects were good, but the side effects and that smell... "This wave is over. PaleSnow, make a bit more food. I'll take care of preparing the pots and fires, but I'll have to leave the ingredients to you. The guilds will share the cost later..."

Ye Cang nodded. They had so many bones that no matter how much they sold, they wouldn't be able to sell it all. It was just taking up space. He pulled out his bow and began firing at the werewolves. He had prepared many arrows this time. Under his constant barrage, he actually managed to kill faster than Lin Le.

The fight was becoming more intense as it dragged on.

Many werewolves were being entangled by the Treant's roots. Really New Village's guards and the Blue Scaled fishmen army quickly killed them. The players also took advantage of it to charge over and get some points.

"Mglrmglmglmgl! (Tsunami)!!" An enormous wave shot out of the fishman high-priest's scepter, sending several hundred werewolves flying away. Hundred didn't manage to get back up. The cane flashed once again, and the vanguard army received a protective shield of water. The surrounding fishmen shaman also began cast Healing Streams on the friendly forces.

Kunsa's enormous branches swung. Every swing sent countless flying, and with a thought, vines would capture countless. He helped to reduce the pressure on the vanguard. The treants on the two wings fought similarly. Even with all this though, the werewolves appeared endless, coming in bigger and bigger numbers.

CloudDragon's bone knuckles smash a werewolf that had managed to make its way over. Rising Dragon Kick lifted it into the air as a punch arrived, finishing it off. He then crossed his arms and continued looking over the battlefield. When he saw Lin Le, he could only sigh. *Ah... that set...*

A terrifying howl suddenly rang out from afar. All the werewolves began to retreat. The Blue Scaled Fishmen's chief - Yoji was currently engulfed in bloodlust, and intended to pursue. Mar quickly shouted towards him, "Don't chase!"

The high priest - Vasiyas also thought the same. Yoji unwillingly brought the fishmen warriors back.

"That was the wolf god's howl..." Mar said, making his way to the front. He was familiar with the wolf god's howl, as he'd heard it before.

"Correct, it's really her. Alright, the dark ravine has a place we can camp. Let's let everyone heal up a bit before the final push..." Mar nodded. Vasiyas conveyed the order to the fishmen.
