---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 209"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 209: Dark Ravine**

CloudDragon saw that on top of the food buff, he actually received the the skeletal demon's buff too. All his attributes were increased by 30%. Lin Le also got the buff. The difference between them though was that CloudDragon kept it a secret whereas Lin Le never even noticed...

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the bitter WillowDream. *Pity... Such a beautiful woman put us on her black list just like that.* 

What WillowDream was most bitter about wasn't having to eat again. Rather, it was the fact that another dish had appeared in front of her that looked like sashimi. It didn't have any smell, but her subconscious warned her that it was dangerous. This dish also wasn't something to take lightly...

CloudDragon sighed, and handed over 4 gold to the treasurer Little Ye Tian, then looked at Ye Cang, "Hand it over..."

Ye Cang took out the cooking wine, and poured it into everyone's bowls. ThornyRose and the others also paid up. WillowDream hesitantly held out her bowl.

"2 gold per share..." Ye Cang smiled.

"So expensive!? Wait, didn't they all pay 1 gold?" WillowDream said astounded. Although she knew they had to pay, why was it 1 gold for CloudDragon and the others, yet 2 for her?

"They're regular customers, so they get a discount. If you come a few more times, you can get it too..." Ye Cang said, patting WillowDream's shoulder.

WillowDream calculated. Her group had 3 people, so it would come to a total of 6 gold. This was enough to buy a piece of equipment! She looked over and saw that CloudDragon and ThornyRose ate it without any anomalies, then looked back at the sashimi which didn't have any strange smell. He said in a cold voice, "You don't have to buy it, but it tastes a bit better..."

WillowDream's group of three grabbed the sashimi, and swallowed it before he could finish speaking, then directly passed out.

Ye Cang sighed. "... if you eat it with my special wine. It would not only taste better, but the food buff would be better. If you were more sincere... giving you a discount wouldn't be impossible. People these days have no patience, not even waiting for me to finish..."

"It's clearly you who was playing dirty tricks!!" ThornyRose thought of all those times she ate it without the wine. That explosive disgusting flavor. To be able to suffer even one less time would be worth it.

ColdFront, LordGrinned, and their people all broke out in cold sweat. They each paid one gold, and then ate it with the wine. Ah~~ It wasn't a scam. It really tasted pretty good. Even the buff improved. Although it wasn't much, just looked at the three women on the floor... *Thank you for your sacrifice...* 

When the three women woke up, CloudDragon also stood up. "It's about time. Let's go down the ravine."

Ye Cang nodded. Mar saw their bustling activity and knew it was time. "Army! March!!"

WillowDream looked at Ye Cang's party with eyes full of resentment. Zhang ZhengXiong continuously sighed, and then jogged over to her. "Actually, my bro isn't a bad person. It's just that you..."

Zhang ZhengXiong saw WillowDream's eyes turn red in rage. Zhang ZhengXiong smiled awkwardly, then jogged back to Lele's side.

"Later, the battle will become chaotic. The people here should stay close to Mayor Mar. PaleSnow, you can see the furthest, look out for any anomalies... We'll act according to the situation." CloudDragon said seriously as he looked into the dark ravine.

No one objected.

Upon entering the ravine, they found that it was very spacious. They looked up and couldn't see the sun, making the area look dark and gloomy. There were sharp rocks protruding out the two sides of the ravine. Pairs of ominous red light began appearing, making everyone alert. They were prepared for battle at any time.

"Awooo~~!"

Following the wolf howl.

Countless werewolves charged out from the cliffs and jumped down, all of them strengthened elites or boss level enemies. 

"Kill them!! Let's show this filthy place the light of day!!" Mar bellowed. They would clash at any moment, and it would be extremely chaotic.

"Archers! Pay attention to the ones on the cliff!! Spellcasters, prioritize the boss level werewolves!! 4 people per group! Don't mess up the formation! Prioritize protecting the ranged players!! Unaffiliated players, join into groups if you can!! Don't be alone!" CloudDragon and the others began giving commands.

The Treant's began using their roots from on top of the cliff, grabbing at the jumping werewolves, making them helpless targets for the archers and mages. However, there were only a few thousand people who had a ranged weapon or could cast ranged spells, because this was still the beginning of the game. Many mages and hunters still had to fight like fighters. This showed that there weren't enough resources in this beginner village to go around.

Mar charged straight ahead, helping a party to take out a werewolf. His figure swinging the longsword looked bold and powerful. The Fishmen chief - Yoji brought his trusted aides and wasn't the slighted bit modest. Their pikes often ran through two werewolves in one strike, showing off their might!

As for Vasiyas, he gave up on attacking. It was too crowded, so his spells could cause friendly fire. He instead provided support using healing and aoe protection spells.

Ye Cang noticed that the werewolves were attacking more fiercely than last time. Their roars would hurt people's ears, and their sharp claws had already sent countless people back to town. He used his bow and arrow to craftily manipulate the battles. Lin Le's job was much simpler. He just had to go the places with the most werewolves.

"Little girl, restore your mana after casting your blessings! Try to keep half your mana on reserve, in case an event boss appears..." CloudDragon reminded Little Ye Tian while also commanding the fight.

"Mm, I know..." Little Ye Tian nodded.

"HeavenShakingMight, if you're bored, go up and help out with the boss leveled minions..." CloudDragon saw that the boss level werewolves were constantly causing casualties. This HeavenShakingMight could help lessen their burden, and it was also a chance to observe how much he had improved. The little girl had a resurrection skill, so he wasn't worried about losing the auras.

"Look! Look! Mad Devil Le is too damn strong! He's taking on a hundred werewolves by himself. We're already having trouble with just one even as a group..."

"You don't say! Do you know who he is!? Who doesn't know Really New Village's most awesome three brothers. If you saw Brother Diamond, you'd piss yourself. He's playing around with three bosses by himself. As for Brother Hero, he just saved our lives with that arrow earlier. You see him with his arrow ready? He's been killing werewolves left and right, always hitting them in the eye, and helping to control the battle. Ah, it's Brother Hero's signature skill, Heroic Fireball! Tsk~ Tsk~ there goes another dozen werewolves. Such might..."

"Stop wasting time. However, I want to try Brother Hero's cooking some time. Did you see those two thousand people twitching on the floor? Tsk~ Tsk~ it's probably unspeakably delicious..."

"I thought I smelled the flavor of rat but many times stronger. Furthermore, I have a friend in the Flame Dragon Union. I asked him how it tastes, and he didn't say a word. He just covered his mouth..."

"Fool, do you know of stinky tofu? The stinkier it is, the better it tastes. Don't you know anything!?"

"Now I want to try it too..."

"Quit dreaming. It's cooking made by Brother Hero himself, not anyone can eat it..."
