---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 212"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 212: Wolf God's Control**

Mar frowned. *This thing sure is tough. It doesn't only have its rock-hard fur. I still have a bad feeling.* He held his longsword with two hands and slashed.

Everyone continued raining attacks on it. SpyingBlade dodged past it's tail and attacked from under its abdomen, brandishing his two weapons as he dodged elusively. WillowDream exclaimed in admiration, "The Treasure Hunter - SpyingBlade. Who would have thought he was so strong..."

Jack saw that the rock lizard by his side didn't dare advance, and sighed. As expected of Really New Village's strongest animal spirit, its mere presence could deter any beasts.

ThornyRose felt that it was about time. CloudDragon also signalled that they could let Lin Le act now. Ye Cang understood too, "Lele, blast it with everything you've got!"

Lin Le nodded, then crushed three gold coins. From a nearby wall, he leapt over to the boss's waist, and activated the bone blade's special effect. The next 3 attacks would be empowered! Sword Draw! Returning Dragon! Surging Dragon! Black Blood splashed everywhere! Huge amounts of damage was dealt. Three attacks all hit the same place, leaving a very deep wound. CloudDragon took advantage of this moment to use a penetrating attack on the wound! Collapsing Fist! Triple Strike! Rising Dragon Kick! Heart Wrenching Claw! Under the combined assault of the two of them, Dina was dealt serious damage. However, it wasn't over yet. Zhang ZhengXiong's Holy Judgement came smashing over. Ye Cang also smiled, Heavy Crossbow - Meteor Shot! The bolt flashed, piercing into the wound, straight through its body. Black blood spouted out creating a pillar as it howled in pain!!

Mar was pleased. *Good guys...* His figure flashed, and his longsword slashed out 10 times. Fighting Power - Chop! His longsword further opened up the wound, boom, blowing it right open!! A meter wide wide hole of flesh was now clearly visible, looking exceptionally horrifying.

"You'll all die!!" Dina once again prepared to shoot her needle like fur, but as they were becoming erect, Zhang ZhengXiong quickly hid everyone behind him, then raised his shield, resulting in a constant clanging. Everyone hid behind him like chicks hiding behind the mother hen. Lin Le threw out three molotov, and they miraculously made it past all the needles, hitting right on the wound, burning Dina's flesh, some of it even leaking into her innards. A pain filled howl echoed throughout the cave.  

The brave warriors in the ravine all heard this howl filled with suffering, which shook their hearts! Their morale sored! Kunsa's roots smashed into the ground, knocking hundreds of werewolves off their feet. A huge palm formed from its trunk and smashed into the ground.. The other treants did the same. Suddenly, rattens sprung up from everywhere, reducing the pressure on everyone. "Berserk Growth!" 

Dina's terrifying eyes glared at everyone, glowing even more red. "You still don't understand? Your only fate is to become one of my servants! Accept the blood baptism that I bestow upon you..."

Ye Cang felt an ominous feeling, making his back shiver. Drawing his swordstaff, he slashed out. Clang~ Clang~! He cut two crossbow bolts out of the air. He saw Jack's two eyes had become red, and his expression was now twisted in rage. *What happened? Is he being controlled?*

Little Ye Tian saw that beside her, GreenDew's two eyes were also glowing red, and knew things were going badly. She immediately activated her staffs ability, blinding her, then ran towards Vasiyas, because she noticed Vasiyas's frown, as if he was suffering. "We'll all go mad at this rate..."

Little Ye Tian thought of something. She pulled out the charm from Rica, and stuffed it into Vasiyas's hands. Vasiyas returned to normal. "Such intense longing. Little girl, get some people and protect me. There's no time to waste..."

Vasiyas put the charm on a stone slate, and then pulled out the bottle of azure liquid, dripping a few drops on it. He began waving his scepter, which emitted a gentle blue light as he chanted, "Ah, Ta, Ka, Duo, Rui, Gong, Da, Na, Ku..."

*I can't lose like this! Really New Village's people, and my wife are all waiting for my victorious return! I can't lose! Can't!* Images of his father's remains flashed through his mind! Mar roared towards the sky, breaking the control, "I! Tory Mar! Vow to avenge my family! Today! Really New Village will begin its return to its former glory!!"

"Just a pipe dream! Ridiculous human..." Dina sneered. Yoji had already been controlled by her and was pouncing at Mar. Their sword and pike clashes.

Mar felt Yoji's valiant strength, as expected of a damn muscle head. Those damn over-developed limbs and those stinking fish eyes. Mar observed the adventurers that had begun to slaughter each other, besides the few people in white hair's party, as well as Iron Fist and his aide. His eyes spotted Vasiyas hiding away in a corner, preparing something big. It was probably to break out of the mind control. He had to keep fighting to buy time.

Ye Cang also heard Little Ye Tian's news. He looked at the boss that was healing its wound, and sighed. *Attack or defend!?* He saw BlackIce preparing to cast a spell at Vasiyas and Little Tian, and made a swipe with his hand. Steal Spell! It was Freeze! He returned the spell to her, freezing her into a block of ice. There was another spellcaster trying to cast a spell. Thinking for a moment... *Let's just kill. It's not like just one more or less will matter. This boss's magic defence is unreasonably high anyways.* He lifted his bone bow, then casually shot two regular arrows, directly killing his target. He then turned and saw that the whatever rain guild's healer was healing the boss. *Traitors should just die once!* He took aim, and instantly killed her. "Little Tian, revive that support..."

Zhang ZhengXiong was smiling bitterly as he endured the attacks of WillowDream, FrozenBlood, and ThornyRose. Their attacks were too ferocious, and he didn't dare hit back. He could only keep blocking with his shield. If he could avoid, he would. With his super high defence and health, it was still manageable. Moreover, his holy text still had 3 healing spells stored...

CloudDragon wasn't as nice. He and VastSea, who had both broken the mind control, directly killed the Flame Dragon Union's HeavensDomain and Lord's Reign's LordGrinned. He looked at VastSea and smiled. That guy really was the most reliable in his group, never making any mistakes, that frightful cool-headedness, and that intuition. Even MistyVeil had sighed in relief when he transferred clubs, because he was one of the extremely few people who could see through her strategies, leading Flame Dragon Union to victory over the Misty Rain House countless times. Although they never admit it, there had been some drama in the Flame Dragon Union, and the FlameEmperor hadn't stop VastSea from leaving. Unfortunately, MistyVeil wasn't able to recruit him. A big reason CloudDragon had suffered his first loss during the Great Christmas War was because that guy had seen through their strategy and stopped YellowSprings. Also, a big reason CloudDragon had won the Great Christmas War was because that guy was familiar with FlameEmperor and the Flame Dragon Union's tactics, then together they had formulated a plan and pulled off a successful surprise attack. Speaking of YellowSprings, he turned and saw Lin Le directly send YellowSprings flying away, then began running after him shouting, "Villain! You dare sneak attack me! Waaah~ Why are Sister Rose and them attacking Brother Lil'Xiong..."

CloudDragon sighed and shouted, "Lele, don't kill them. They're being controlled by the boss..."

Lin Le nodded, punched YellowSprings in the face, then picked him up, held him against a wall, and as if he was hitting a sandbag, smashed him repeatedly in the stomach. "This is for dodging my attack that time! This is also for dodging my attack that time..."

"......" VastSea broke out in cold sweat. 

"Brother CloudDragon, the high priest is preparing to dispel the effect, be careful not to let the boss heal too much..." Ye Cang passed on the information.
