---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 214"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 214: War Ends**

"It's finally over..." Mar said, exhausted. At this time, the black wolf god began shining with divine light. Mar pulled out his longsword, dumbfounded. "God, this thing still isn't dead..."

Everyone became alert and watched the body carefully.

From within Dina's body, an enormous white wolf emerged. The wolf's eyes showed no killing intent, on the contrary, it looked very peaceful. "Brave Warriors, thank you for freeing me from the corruption..." It's wolf eyes looked towards Mar and it grinned, "Mar, you've lived up to your father's and the Mar family's expectations..." 

"What happened?" Mar asked doubtfully.

"I'm not sure about the details, but they snuck something into my offerings..." Dina replied.

"They?" Mar heard an important word.

"Mm, besides the evil magician, there was one more guy. They appeared to be looking for something, but they didn't find it. Apparently, it's not here. The wizard was then discovered by your father and beheaded, while the other guy left Really New Village..." Dina said.

Mar nodded, "What are you planning to do now?"

"Return to the forest, continue to protect it, in order to atone for my crimes..." Dina replied sincerely.

On the battlefield, the red eyes of the werewolves slowly cleared, and Kunsa shouted to stop the fight. Every guild received a message, and sheathed their swords. The werewolves shed their fur one after the other, returning to being human, each with a blank expression on their face as they looked around confused.

"Uncle Lin, you're..."

"Why am I here...?"

Mar gave the command to have all the cured humans brought back to town and registered, once again becoming part of the town. "Will those people become werewolves again?"

Dina nodded, "However, they'll just become a bit more easily angered. They won't lose their mind."

Mar nodded. This wasn't a bad result. If those werewolves could not lose their minds, they could become a strength for Really New Village.

Ye Cang and the others were huddled together discussing the distribution of loot. Lin Le secretly snuck over to loot the body and showed everyone the loot. In total, there were 6 items. Each of them equal to the items dropped by the skeletal demon, as well as one skillbook.

"How will we distribute it?" ThornyRose asked, coveting the loot.

CloudDragon looked towards Ye Cang who had the final say, because he was the initiator of this questline, and also the 2nd in command of Really New Village. He asked for his opinion, "What do you think?"

"I'll take two. You can do as you see fit for the rest..." Ye Cang said with an indifferent smile.

"Two. Isn't that too excessive..." WillowDream frowned.

"Brother is the quest's initiator, and also the one in control, as well as Vice Commander of Really New Village. Also, in the earlier fight, we played the biggest role..." Little Ye Tian said indifferently.

Little Ye Tian's words were hard to refute. Especially Lin Le's display of might, which had scared them all silly. He had been the only one to break the bosses defence, ripping apart it's hard fur and dealing heavy damage. In the final sprint, it was also him and this PaleSnow who did the most damage.

"Then..." CloudDragon agreed with Little Ye Tian's argument and motioned for Ye Cang to choose two items. Of course, part of it was returning a favor for letting them have the guild charter.

ColdFront and the others, who had just returned to the cave, didn't object. Ye Cang looked at the 6 items, and picked out the skillbook and a cloak.

Wolf Totem - Dina (Super Rare - Beginner Level - Dina): Chant 3 verses, to summon a totem of wolf god Dina. Friendly forces gain +8% to All Attributes, +5 Damage, +7 Defence, +5 Strength, and +10 Dexterity. Duration: 30 minutes. Cooldown: none. Cost: 10 mana.

Dina's Protection (Outstanding - Abyss)

Category: Hood - Cloak

Requirements: None

+13 Defence

+10 Strength

+10 Dexterity

+10 Intelligence

Magic Resistance: Magic damage received is reduced by 15%.

Solid Fur: Received physical damage is reduced by 10 points.

Ye Cang gave the skillbook to Little Ye Tian, then took out the wolf pelt cloak. "A'Xiong, you want it?"

Because of the effects, it was very useful for tanks such as Zhang ZhengXiong. It gave damage reduction and it's attributes were not bad. Intelligence was also useful to him as he was a priest. However, Zhang Zheng shook his head. "Bro, you should have it. None of us have this piece of equipment. You're this party's boss, so you can't be lacking..."

"Mm, well said." Ye Cang nodded, then equipped it. The wolf head was a like a hat that went over his head. The shoulders had the wolf's two front paws tied in a knought. At the bottom hung the two hind paws and a tail. It looked looked like a wolf was hanging off his back. It was a high-end item, however, the outfit felt out of place.

ThornyRose didn't say anything. For a guild like her's, it was enough if they could get the quest award. To wish for these items would overreaching. Looking at Ye Cang, she frowned. *A lowlife dressed like a barbarian...*

Of the remaining 4 items, CloudDragon took 2. Everyone protested, but he merely snorted, "The remaining two, you can slowly figure it out..."

Finally, Ye Cang looked towards Dina's corpse, then looked at Dina's spirit chatting with Mar and Vasiyas. He began to dismantle the wolf god's corrupted corpse.

The white spirit of Dina watched as Ye Cang chopped off a part of her body, and stowed it in the cart. The leather, bones, and meat, it was all taken. "Umm, white haired warrior, could you not take apart my former body while I'm right in front of you..."

"Ok..." Ye Cang, who was about to start on the bottom half, thought for a bit, then turned his back to her and returned to his work.

"......" Dina blinked, hesitated, and then just sighed. Mar couldn't help smiling. This guy...

After dismantling it, everyone left. The place had become liberated and was now called Dina's New Lair. The battle in the ravine had already stopped for a while.

It was currently already night time. Ye Cang and the others all followed Mar back to the village.

They all received a system message telling them that all contributions would be posted tomorrow. The missions conclusion would probably also have to wait. Could it be they would be able to leave tomorrow?

Ye Cang and his group left the game. In reality, it was currently early morning. Ye Cang arrived at the seaside to enjoy the breeze. He stood barefoot and let the waves wash against his legs as he watched the distant stars as well as the lights reflected by the water. He stretched lazily, then sat on the beach with a satisfied smile. He thought out loud, "How good it would be if you were here too..."
