---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 216"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 216: Black Rock City**

Ye Cang and his party arrived at the front. He greeted CloudDragon and the others, then waited. Since they had nothing to do, his party share with each other the skills they had obtained. Zhang ZhengXiong’s wish was fulfilled, obtaining another active attack skill, Thunderclap (Deal damage to surrounding enemies with a chance to stun.)

Lin Le got Wild Blows (Quickly perform 4 attacks against a target, each dealing 90% damage.) Little Ye Tian got a passive mana regeneration ability, which was very useful. As for FrozenCloud, she got Shattering Blow (High damage, stuns, and can penetrate armor. Has a wind-up time.)

The relay station opened. Ye Cang, CloudDragon and the others took the lead to go in first. Looking at their choices, they could select from 10 cities, and this was only for the human race. Ye Cang looked over it.

ThornyRose asked him, “Which 2nd city are you going to?”

Ye Cang pretended to think it over, then said with a smile, “Windy City.”

“Windy City?” ThornyRose thought about it. On the map, it looked like a mountainous region, which made her frown. Of course, Ye Cang’s moral integrity came into question, so she secretly sent a message to FrozenCloud, “What city do you plan to go to?”

“Team Leader said he has a contact in Black Rock City, so we’re all to go there...” FrozenCloud hesitated, but still told her. Afterall, she was still a member of Thorns and Roses. Although she felt bad for Team Leader, her heart was still undecided.

“That \*ssh\*le...” ThornyRose gnashed her teeth, then smiled amiably. “Then let’s meet in Windy City...”

Ye Cang also smiled indifferently, “See you in Windy City...”

They finished speaking and then selected Black Rock City.

“Bro, why do we have to tell Sister Rose that we went to Windy City...” Zhang ZhengXiong was a bit uncertain about it before. These days, he had gotten to know the girls quite well.

“That crazy woman is...” Ye Cang sighed and made a stirring guesting at his head. 

A familiar female voice arrived from behind him, “I’m what?”

Cold sweat dripped down Ye Cang’s back. He pretended to not hear and continued, “...wise beyond an ordinary person’s understand. I knew she would come here. Earlier was just in order to confused the others...”

He turned around and saw a ferocious mouth. “My face!! Lele!!!!!”

“It wasn’t me! Probably!! I forgot what I said to Sister Rose...” Lin Le said innocently.

FrozenCloud sighed in relief, then secretly thought, “Good thing Lele’s around, otherwise it would be hard to come up with an excuse...”

Next to cross through was a heavenly beauty along with NalanMoon. ThornyRose’s jaw dropped as she looked at them. It’s that temptress... NalanPureSoul. He actually chose Black Rock Village as his guild’s main base. She frowned. If it was CloudDragon, it would still be alright. Him and her were at least relatives. He would leave her with a chance to survive. But this neither male nor female thing was hard to predict. She received a few messages. CloudDragon had chosen White Stone City, and FlameEmperor went to Windy City. She rejoiced that they weren’t in the same city as FlameEmperor. Some more people then transferred over. It’s LordAsked and the rest of Lord’s Reign! Lord’s Reign would also be stationed in Black Rock City. They looked at Ye Cang and NalanPureSoul, then directly walked past them. ThornyRose thought to herself, *both the Freedom Alliance and Lord’s Reign are in the same city. Black Rock City will be lively. Flame Dragon Union is in Windy City. Heavenly Dragon Pavilion and Alure Hall were also there. The League of Tyrants and God Wind were in the beastmen area. Misty Rain, Falling Star, and Thunder were with the elves. It looks like as always, the human cities would be filled with powerhouses. In the past, it was always a constant battle… wait where’s Beauties at the Crossfire?* Just as she thought of them, some dressed up women appeared. “Oh~! Isn’t this the legendary StingyRose? What a coincidence.”

“Humph~ It's the dumb woman whose filthy both inside and out...” ThornyRose said coldly.

Zhang ZhengXiong was bursting with joy at seeing so many beauties. He saw that NalanPureSoul was walking over, “Little Moon, is this your little sister? Come introduce us...”

NalanMoon was speechless. She was going to curse angrily, but NalanPureSoul smiled, “You’re Really New Village’s Brother Diamond right?”

“It’s just a silly nickname. I’m not that great...” Zhang ZhengXiong said with a smile while sizing him up. Personality, Appearance, were all first class! It’s just that chest… He turned to Lele and began consulting him.

“He’s a man...” Lin Le’s ahoge quickly scanned him, confirming his suspicions.

Zhang ZhengXiong sighed, no longer in the mood. Lele would never be wrong. “Sorry to bother you...”

NalanPureSoul narrowed those dazzling eyes. Those two guys were interesting. His gaze then landed on Ye Cang. Brother Hero, why was there such deep teeth marks on his face… Ye Cang looked over and saw him sizing him up. He thought unhappily, *what are you looking at. Have you never seen such a handsome face before!?* He noticed NalanMoon and the others acted respectfully towards this new person. *This is probably that whatever association’s leader. A man so beautiful he could cause the fall of a city?* He indifferently called out to them, “Hello, Later...”

Ye Cang spoke, and then turned to begin walking around the city. He brought his party and left. ThornyRose and BornFlirty stared eachother down with clenched teeth for a while before turning their heads away and shouted some profanities before leaving. ThornyRose’s girls caught up to Ye Cang.

There actually weren’t that many players who had reached level 10. In BlackRock City, there were about 30 people. NalanPureSoul didn’t really mind the earlier scene, and murmured, “They’re quite interesting. Looks like Black Rock City won’t be boring.”

Little Ye Tian analyzed the past games, and then whispered to her father, “Father, let’s go find Mayor Mar’s son first. We’re not familiar with this place, so he should be able to give us some guidance. Then we can go to the city hall and buy a property. Since Freedom Alliance and Lord’s Reign are both here, the other players will flock over. Our current assets are enough for us to snatch the best places!!”

Ye Cang nodded, then inquired a random passerbyer about the address on the envelope, which took him to a big cathedral. A few knights looked at the new arrivals, especially Lin Le, and frowned, but didn’t say a word. However, once they saw Little Ye Tian and Zhang ZhengXiong, they relaxed, and said solemnly, “What’s your business...”

“Could I trouble you to to inform Cross Mar that we’ve come from Really New Village and have a letter from his parents for him…” Little Ye Tian noticed the guard’s expression. They seemed to treat herself and brother Xiong better.

“You’re looking for Grand Knight Cross? Please wait...” One of the guards went inside. Soon, a blond haired man in extraordinary looking silvery-white armor came out. He looked at Ye Cang and the others, then came up to Ye Cang. *Half Elf?* He smiled, “Really New Village. How are my mother and father…?”

“We managed to deal with the threat of the Black Werewolves. Mayor Mar is doing well...” Ye Cang took out a letter, and explained Really New Village’s situation to him. He then introduced himself and his party. Cross finished reading the letter, and listened to Ye Cang’s words, then smiled. “Who would have thought that Uncle Guzdak couldn’t fulfill his dream. Since mother and father like you, then you can come find me if you have any problems. You don’t have to be polite. Since you’re new to Black Rock City, I’ll show you around...”

With Little Mar as their guide, Ye Cang and the others, as well as ThornyRose, all learned the locations of the class trainers as well their class’s affiliated powers. Little Ye Tian and Zhang ZhengXiong stayed behind with Little Mar. They were both holy classes, so he recommended that the two join the church, and get baptised. He could also make them his subordinates.
