---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 218"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 218: XOXO**

Ye Cang was the first to arrive at their meeting place, outside the city hall. After a moment, Little Ye Tian also arrived. Since the treasurer was here, they didn’t have to keep waiting, more like there was no time to lose. Together, they entered. This place, besides serving some administrative functions, was also the place to buy and sell virtual property. 

Little Ye Tian walked while explaining everyone’s situation to Ye Cang. “I’m now a Prayer Knight. A’Xiong is currently still at the class change center. Apparently he might have unlocked a hidden branch class - War Priest. Lele is receiving training. Lil’Dino should be about done. Father how did your side go...”

Ye Cang froze. It wasn’t quite fitting to say he went to a senior’s activity center, it would make him sound too modest. “The adventurers association, an organization that covers the entire continent. Yeah.”

“Adventurers Association, I heard about it from the bishop. He said that the one in Black Rock Village is just a nursing home with a nice name. Right now, there’s only an elven ranger taking care of it. It’s mainly used by Rangers and Assassins and such...” Little Ye Tian explained, making Ye Cang feel rather awkward. 

“Cough~ Cough~ Don’t judge them by their age. When they were young, they were famous in Black Rock City. They even contributed in the battle between White Stone City and the Steel Empire.” Ye Cang tried to repeat the words Linda had told him, with a straight face and calm heart. “Moreover… we can steadily receive quests there. There are a lot...”

“Oh, so that’s how it is. Then it’s not bad. A place to get quests.” Little Ye Tian nodded, choosing not to expose him. The adventurers association was really a place filled with all kinds of quests, however in Black Rock City, due to the previous generation’s years of bad operations, the new head hadn’t yet recovered it to it’s former glory. Not to mention the shortage in manpower, it had just all around declined. As for the headquarters, they were having a blast. There were so many applicants there that they couldn’t handle them all. She had some understand of most of the guilds.

The city hall worker looked at Little Ye Tian’s Priest Medal, and became friendly. They then looked at Ye Cang’s adventurer medal, and grinned, looking down on him. “May I ask what miss paladin’s business might be?”

Little Ye Tian inquired about buying an estate. The worker than guided them to the relevant receptionist. The looked over a city map, pointing out the unused shops. Altogether there were 5 large stores, 13 medium sized stores, as well as some small sized ones, however the price brought a frown to their faces. It was so expensive. They would still have some money left after buying a large one and a medium one. “Father, let’s buy these two large stores. This medium one can be given to Granny Rica and Little Jesse to be turned into a general store. As for the large ones, we don’t have the manpower. We can choose to rent them out or to hold onto it and wait for the market price to go up.”

“You make the decision.” Ye Cang shrugged. Little Ye Tian straightforwardly squandered their money, signing the contract.

“Congratulations! Here’s a mystery box as a gift!” The short haired receptionist said, handing them a wrapped gift box to Little Ye Tian.

Little Ye Tian’s felt pleased. They even gave a mystery box as an extra reward. Who knew there would be this sort of bonus. She suddenly felt a chill down her back. Even without turning around, she could feel her father’s maddened gaze. It was the gaze he showed when he saw a treasure chest or boss corpse. His gaze drilled through her back, which was drenched in cold sweat, as if he could see the box in her hand, which now felt like a burning hot potato. She heard a creepy laugh from behind her, “Hand it over~~ Let me open it~~ My divine hand will get us a godly artifact. Little Tian~~ You’re a good girl~~”

Little Ye Tian was now in a dilemma. This gift box would definitely have something good if opened normally. However, if it was given to her father... Truth be told, she didn’t believe it when they told her that her father’s was cursed. How could she accept them bad mouthing her father? She wouldn’t believe it unless she confirmed it herself. She had believed in his luck, expecting tada~ a divine artifact comes out, then all the people who said he was cursed would definitely get mad at her. However, it never happened like she expected. In fact, it was fake. All in her head. After many trials, she understood. What they said might be true. They weren’t lying, it was just she had refused to admit it...  Little Ye Tian shook the distracting thoughts out of her head. Her father’s oppressive aura was approaching her step by step. She didn’t dare turn around. She gulped. Suddenly a shadow appeared behind her. “Little Tian! Hurry and run! Go find Lele!!!”

Little Ye Tian heard the familiar voice. It was Lil’Dino! She looked at FrozenCloud who held onto Ye Cang tightly. “Hurry and run! Don’t worry about me!!”

Little Ye Tian saw her father clawing and biting as if he was a zombie, and her little feet ran, carrying her away into the distance. Ye Cang quickly threw off FrozenCloud’s restriction. FrozenCloud heart sank as she saw him beginning to accelerate! However, a familiar figure entered her sight. “Sister Rose! Stop him! He discovered a chest!!!”

ThornyRose’s ear twitched, then her instincts made her turn and pounce accurately at Ye Cang, pushing him to the ground where the two of them began wrestling. FrozenBlood broke out in cold sweat. *Are you some trained animal? Your reacted the moment you heard the commands… Such an accurate pounce… As expected of you lovebirds.* She began to take pictures and send them to Mr and Mrs Qin, along with the message, “The real Sister Zhen. They’re displaying their affection in public once again~~ xoxo~~”

GreenDew froze, then blushed with shame seeing FrozenBlood’s blatant betrayal. She thanked god that she wasn’t her main target… She then turned and saw another woman coming. The gossip monster is here… As if sensing the situation, she had her movement skill activated and was running over at full speed to take a picture. The guild channel, social media, and various public chats suddenly had a new post, ‘Sister Rose and Brother Hero’s Undeniable Affair, Part 2’... Were these girls really her friends?

ThornyRose figured it was about time, and let him go. “Right, back to the class… My Face!!!!”

“Give me back my gift box!!” Ye Cang was still in a crazed state as he began biting ThornyRose’s face.

*It’s the counter attack! Team Leader finally fought back!! So scary!!* FrozenCloud’s hairs stood on end as a chill ran through her bones. She quickly backed up and patted her chest.

*F\*\*k! He dares to bite my face!* The two of them began to wrestle again. It felt like they were watching a wrestling match between a female fighter and a werewolf. Suddenly, a message saying that the gift box had been opened by Lin Le arrived. Ye Cang collapsed, and no matter what ThornyRose put him through, he simply, absentmindedly muttered over and over, “My gift box, my face, my gift box, my face...”

ElegantFragrance and FrozenBlood were about to betray her more, when ThornyRose’s berserk gaze came upon the two of them. They two quickly put away their virtual cameras and smiled. “Good sisters~ xoxo~”
