---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 219"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 219: Negotiations**

Lin Le came to the city hall carrying the open chest. ThornyRose gnashed her teeth as she looked Ye Cang who had bite marks on his face, a handprint on his cheek, and his clothes in a mess. Even his hair was messed up and hood crooked.

Lin Le looked at Ye Cang's appearance and asked, "Brother Lil'White, what happened!?"

"Lele..." Ye Cang also gnashed his teeth, "Give me back my gift box..."

"Eh, I already opened the gift box that Little Tian gave me. Look, my handcart had upgraded again!!" Lin Le summoned something that could still barely be considered a hand cart, however, it looked more like a little mobile store. There was a window, door, and even a place to put a cash register. Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded, "Not bad, the scope of our business has upgraded again..."

"......" ThornyRose watched speechless.

"Little Tian, com here. I'm not mad..." Ye Cang said softly and smiled at Little Ye Tian. Little Ye Tian sighed in relief, feeling much better. As long as her father wasn't mad at her. She ran over. As soon as she got close, Ye Cang's expression suddenly darkened, and he bit down on her little head. He said while biting, "Teach you... I raise you yet you help others!"

"I won't! I won't do it again!!" Little Ye Tian felt pain on her forehead and she cried out.

FrozenCloud saw the scene of a big bad wolf biting little red, and sighed. She suddenly thought, *being team leader's little sister also isn't easy...*

"Exactly! Little Tian! You actually disobeyed Bother Lil'White!" The boot-licker Lin Le quickly chimed in, full of righteousness. ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and the others looked over at him. *That guy is pretty two faced in all sorts of ways...*

"Brother Lil'White, this was what was in the gift box..." Lin Le ran over and put two items in his hand. Ye Cang took the items, then relaxed his jaw... Little Ye Tian held the wound on her head. She vowed to never touch a chest or box again...

Ye Cang looked at the items. A silver earring? As well as a chunk of meat?

Simple Elven Earrings (Unknown - Special Equipment)

Category: Earring

Requirements: None

+5 Charisma

+3 All Attributes

+4 Will

A Mysterious Piece of Meat (Unknown)

Ye Cang used identify, revealing its stats.

Water Dragon's Quality Meat (Valuable): Under every water dragon's reverse scale, there will be a top quality piece of meat. Eating it will permanently increase all attributes by 1. There's a chance to learn a water skill upon eating.

"The earring gives Charisma, it will definitely be useful when we are trying to receive quests. Father, you should wear it." Little Ye Tian quickly commented.

Ye Cang nodded, and under ThornyRose's jealous gaze, he equipped the special equipment. He clipped the simple silver earring onto his left ear. On the silver ring were tiny engraving of elven characters, however Ye Cang couldn't recognize them, because it was ancient elven. "As for the meat, we can use it for cooking in the future. It would be a waste to eat it just like that. It will be part of my masterpiece..." 

ThornyRose only saw the earring's stats, and they were pretty good. Most importantly, it took up a special equipment slot. Even at the end of the game, many people still wouldn't have an equipment like this. "You've bought land?"

"Mm..." Ye Cang stated cooly. He straightened his wolf head hood, then fixed his hair.

ThornyRose asked about what shops were still free, as well as the price. Little Ye Tian, with her retentive memory, had both the map and the receptionists words memorized. She took out a map of Black Rock City and its surroundings, which she had recently made, and explained. ThornyRose frowned. Expensive. She only had enough gold to buy 2 medium sized stores, which included the money she had earned in Really New Village. Big Guilds wouldn't leave many properties behind if they didn't purchase soon. "Damn... Cough~ Cough~ PaleSnow, lend me or sell me some gold."

"We don't have much. We've pretty much spent it all..." Little Ye Tian said as the treasurer.

"What did you buy?" Hearing ThornyRose's question, Little Ye Tian looked towards Ye Cang for permission. *Should we tell her?*

Ye Cang shrugged. He had to admit that Little Ye Tian was much better at these things, "You can decide. You're our little treasurer."

Little Ye Tian marked the properties they had purchased on the map. Seeing two large shops, ThornyRose gasped. Although she knew these guys were rich, but hell, even if the Freedom Alliance took out everything they had, they could only purchase at most 1 large and 1 medium. This little girl probably wanted to rent it out or form a partnership, and it didn't have to be with Thorns and Roses. The medium one, they would probably use for themselves. ThornyRose thought it over, and decided to try to get both of them!!

The two began to negotiate. Ye Cang sighed. It would probably take a while. He pulled FrozenCloud and Lin Le to the side, and the began to play board games as they discussed their new skills. Lin Le had obtained a new handcart skill, Money Maintenance (Consume a gold coin to recover 2% health per second for 15 seconds. Also increases Strength and Constitution by 10% for 3 minutes. Can stack twice. Can use at most 3 times in an hour.)

"Brother Lil'White, the chamber of commerce's president Barboda looked at me and said I'm a genius at arithmetic, and that I could definitely earn money..." Lin Le said.

FrozenCloud raised her brows. *You're a genius at arithmetic!? You can't even add past 3 digits. No, you even messed up 3 + 5 last time!* After hearing his story, she realized Lin Le's strength was collecting money and marketing. Finally, when it was time for the customer to pay up, Lin Le calculated 5 gold into 300 gold, and used his enormous blade to demand the money. The president witnessed this and saw that he had potential, and directly passed him, making him an elite member. Just what kind of organization was the Armed Merchants Association? It felt like some criminal syndicate. FrozenCloud's brain was full of questions. She decided to ask her trainer next time.

"Aren't I amazing..." Lin Le smiled naively and without guilt, his ahoge swinging like a tail. 

FrozenCloud shrugged, and sighed. "Yeah Yeah, what about Team Leader..."

Ye Cang hesitated, then took out a picture of Linda, and the smashed it onto the table as if he was playing a winning card. "Humph~ Humph~! This is my trainer!!"

Lin Le looked at the picture with those cow leveled weapons and was immediately full of jealousy. He pouted, "I also want to go to the adventurers guild! I'll go tell the president I'm quitting..."

FrozenCloud wanted to die. *Just how are you guys judging the associations! However, this chest... amazing...*
