---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 220"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 220: Class Change and Dividing the Work**

With FrozenCloud repeated urging, Lin Le reluctantly gave up on the idea of quitting the Armed Merchant's Association to join the Adventurer's association.

FrozenCloud sighed. *F\*\*k, he actually wants to quit from a hidden class's organization. He's too willful...*

Finally, Little Ye Tian and ThornyRose reached an agreement, and formulated a contract. Thorns and Roses would work together with Happy Firmaments to operate these two large stores. How the profit would be split had also already been negotiated.

ThornyRose sighed as she looked at Little Ye Tian. She was only so small yet was already invincible. Perhaps MistyVeil would have to give up her place to this girl soon...

"Bro, Lele, Little Ye Tian, Sister Rose!" Zhang ZhengXiong's bright and cheery voice arrived. Everyone turned their heads to look at him. Zhang ZhengXiong no longer had a shield. It had become an exceptionally thick, crystal armguard worn on his left arm. It looked as if his arm was wrapped with crystal. Mithril symbols could be seen on the surface of the crystal, faintly emitting light. It was extremely gorgeous. His right hand carried a heavy hammer that was over 2 meters long. ThornyRose was speechless. He was becoming less and less like a damn priest! His shield had become such a large armguard. Didn't this mean he could now hold a two handed weapon while also having the defence from the armguard...

"Bro, look at my weapon and armguard! Awesome right?" Zhang ZhengXiong shared the stats of his items with the party.

Holy Church's Standard Issue Heavy War Hammer (Standard Issue - Distinguished - Holy Church)

Category: Heavy War Hammer

Requirements: 100 Strength or 105 Constitution

Damage: 26 - 31

+13 Strength　　

+14 Constitution

+13 Defence

+10 Holy Spell Power

Thunder Strike: Perform a ferocious lightning element attack at the target and it's surroundings. Deals 195% damage to main target and 100% damage to surrounding creatures. Has a chance to stun or knockback. The stun duration is halved against secondary targets. Cooldown: 10 minutes.

Resplendent Hand (Slime - Distinguished - Holy Church)

Category: Shield (Oversized arm protector that does not take up a hand slot.)

Requirements: 100 Strength or 110 Constitution

+29 Defence

+15 Constitution.

+12 Strength

+5 Wisdom

+6 Intelligence

Magic and Physical damage received reduced by 10.

When blocking an attack, deals 7 light retaliation damage to the attacker.

Rainbow Slam: Shoot a strong light dealing 25 light damage to targets in range. Chance to cause blind, nausea, or dazzle. Immediately follow up with a fierce strike dealing (Constitution + Strength) x 3 damage, with a chance to cause stun or knockback. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Holy Engraving - Power Augmentation (Armguard Engraving): Activate to gain +15 Strength and +15 Constitution for 3 minutes. Cooldown: 3 hours.

"Are you still a priest?" ThornyRose asked, dumbfounded. Although she didn't get to see the attributes, but she could tell he was wearing a full set of paladin like equipment.

"I could be considered one. Right now I'm called a War Priest. My trainer is a... uhh... a kindly old man, really easy to talk to. He said that we're priests with especially tough bodies. I told him that health is the most important. Then I went to the church to learn some forging techniques, my shield is now an armguard..." Zhang ZhengXiong roughly explained.

ThornyRose and the others were speechless at his good luck. War Priest? What will the war priests be like in this game? In the past, although their melee abilities were alright, but it was still a bit awkward. Most important was that they had an impressive amount of status inflicting and binding abilities. They could be considered half support and half fighter. Even this guy's forging profession received an upgrade.

ThornyRose didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She sighed and nodded. She glanced at Ye Cang, and then brought her people to go in and buy a medium sized shop. She had many things to take care of. There were many things a large guild had to do, such as coming up with a development plan and inspecting the local resources.

Ye Cang looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's skills again. They were all really dependable. There were both attacks and support abilities. He then moved and brought his party to their shop. For employees, he chose his own followers, summoning Rica and Little Jesse.

"So it works..." Ye Cang's heart lightened. Rica and Little Jesse looked around curiously, checking the place out.

"This is Black Rock City!?" Rica asked, looking at the city. Whether it be the homes or the other buildings, its quality was on a completely different level. Little Jesse was dizzy looking at all the change, "So magical! We were just at Really New Village packing..."

Ye Cang then handed over the extra materials and equipment to Rica.

"Leave it to me. We'll be able to start business soon." Rica said with a smile. She looked around the 3 story high store and was moved. As for Little Jesse, he dragged his little feet and explored all over the place.

"Then I'll be troubling you, Granny Rica..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

Rica Shook her head, "You're the ones troubled. I never would have imagined, that at my age, I could still leave Really New Village. I even get to run such a big store."

Little Ye Tian took out a bit of their remaining gold, and gave it to Rica as a startup fund to hire people or whatever. Afterall, it was probably better to leave an NPC to deal with another NPC. They would do much better than a random player. When they were looking at the possible employees, there wasn't anyone special anyways.

"Bro, we've all succeeded in advancing our classes, and are much stronger. What are we going to do now?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked, his robust body trembling with excitement. Ye Cang stroked his chin then took out the sheep skin parchments with missions on them and shared them with everyone. "Ok, let's split up. These are the missions I got from the adventurer's guild. A'Xiong, you help Lily find her dog. Finding the barber's scissors, Lil'Dino, you take it. Lele, you help Alan weed his garden. Little Tian, you help Lulu, she needs someone who can do math for an experiment. After everyone's done, meet back at the general store. There's a quest to go out and kill a boss..."

"I'll succeed for sure!" Lin Le said with a pout.

FrozenCloud was dumbfounded. She covered her forehead. It seemed like he wasn't kidding...

"Umm... Bro, let's go kill the boss first..." Zhang ZhengXiong said with a sullen face. *I, your father, finally got a power up, yet my first mission is to help a little girl find her puppy?* 

Ye Cang replied unhappily, "Less nonsense. Finish quickly..."

"Bro, what about you?" Zhang ZhengXiong recalled that he never said anything for himself.

"I'll wait here for you guys. As the team leader, I have to oversee the general situation. It's a responsibility I can't avoid..." Ye Cang said seriously, then found a stool and sat there.

Under everyone's contemptuous gaze, Ye Cang kept a straight face, gave them all two thumbs up, and made a 'You can do it, I'll be watching over you~' expression. Everyone sighed and dispersed.

Ye Cang yawned, and watched Little Jesse exploring all over the place. He then slowly got up and began walking over to go tell him to stop running around and go back to the store. 
