---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 221"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 221: Quest Reward

Ye Cang followed after Little Jesse and ran into an old acquaintance, "Brother SpyingBlade, you came to Black Rock City too?"

SpyingBlade had just walked out of the assassin's association. He nodded to Ye Cang and said, "Call me if anything comes up..."

Then he directly left.

"Really a cold guy..." Ye Cang watched his back and had the urge to shoot an arrow into it. 

SpyingBlade also felt the gaze on his back. *This scum is definitely thinking of sneak attacking me again.*

Ye Cang called out to Little Jesse, "Let's go, back to the store. Stop running around..."

"Oh, I want to eat that!!" Little Jesse said pointing a nearby stall where an old grandpa was selling fried prawns.

Ye Cang looked with disdain, "What's so good about that? Let's go back and I'll make you my secret recipe..."

Little Jesse's face immediately paled. He shook his head furiously, "Just kill me..."

Ye Cang speechlessly let him go. Then the two of them came to the fried prawn shop. The odor assailed their noses before they even got there.

Ye Cang wanted to try it out. They were priced at a silver per prawn. Buying 5, Ye Cang took one and smelled it. It was really very fragrant. There was even a special spice covering it. Taking a bite, the outside was so crunchy! The inside was so soft and delicious that it made others want to cry out. Too delicious! He quickly asked, "Sir, please teach me your fried prawn recipe!!"

The old man faintly smiled, then shouted like a tiger. "This old man's cooking isn't just fried prawn. You must know that everything under the heavens can be fried!"

Ye Cang looked at the old man who now appeared like an outstanding expert. "Please teach me!"

In the end, the old man was satisfied after Ye Cang purchased 5 gold worth and left after cleaning up his stall. Of course, Ye Cang also received his wish. His cooking skill now included deep frying. He gazed into the distance. *I've taken another step forwards in the Art of Cooking. Perhaps this is only a small step when compared to the whole, but to me, this is a big step, blazing a new trail...*

Little Jesse, who was stuffing his face, looked at Ye Cang's ambitious expression, and felt numb. Ye Cang looked at the pile of fried food. It would be difficult to finish, so he decided to give it away. He brought Little Jesse to the adventurers association. The elders, who were still playing monopoly, smelled the delicious fragrance. "It's Erosa's deep fried food. Not bad young man, you know to bring us gifts..."

"You flatter me..." Ye Cang said, taking out various deep fried foods. Even Linda came down from the 2nd floor to eat. When she saw Little Jesse, she immediately liked him and put him on her lap. Those lethal weapons smashed into Little Jesse. "Here, let big sister feed you... Aaah~~..."

"Umm, you can feed me like that too..." Ye Cang said enviously.

Following which, Ye Cang was kicked out of the tree house. He sighed, standing by the doorway. In any case, they would send Little Jesse home later. He decided to go find A'Xiong and the rest.

The first to finish was FrozenCloud who had found the scissors and returned it to the barber shop. She had obtained 5 free haircut coupons as well as 500 experience. Although the reward wasn't much, she had heard the barber shop's boss speak about something. Outside the east gate, somewhere in the north part of the Carnot Grasslands, there was a hole he had fallen into when he was young. There were many bugs inside. He was so scared, he pissed himself. Listening to the story, it didn't seem fake, so she noted it down. It was just that they didn't have accurate coordinates. She decided to wait for Little Tian to come back and tell her. With her strong analyzing ability, she should be able to do something. She looked up and saw Ye Cang coming over, so she took out the 5 coupons and handed it over. "Here, the quest reward..."

Ye Cang took the coupons and nodded. "Good work. Let's go use them once everyone gathers up."

Hah~ FrozenCloud just sighed.

Little Ye Tian also finished the experiment. Lulu had rewarded her with an engineering blueprint - Shoddy Hand-Grenade, which Little Ye Tian was pretty satisfied with. Lulu had asked for her to become her permanent assistant and as well as apprentice. Little Ye Tian had quickly agreed, there was no reason to refuse. She got a reward, experience, and even a profession. She even got some prestige and more quests in the future. She had made a dozen or so shoddy grenade before coming to meet up. FrozenCloud learned that she had obtained a profession skill. *Little Tian + Engineering... Eh... It's fitting.* She then took a grenade. *This thing is a godly weapon for PVP at this point in the game. The damage is good, higher than a regular attack, more importantly it can be used as battlefield control and is a consumable...*

Small Grenade: Throw it and it will explode dealing 40 explosion damage to enemies targets within 4 meters. Has a chance to cause stun or knockback.

"The cost to make them is high since it requires a bit of refined explosives. In this city, the price of explosives cost about as much as silver..." Little Ye Tian knew what FrozenCloud was thinking, and told her. FrozenCloud dispelled her thoughts. It really wasn't something they could mass produce, but should still be pretty good.

Ye Cang took 3 of them, then patted Little Ye Tian's head, "Good job..."

FrozenCloud looked at Little Ye Tian's happy expression, and her heart softened. She turned as she noticed that Lin Le had also returned. Was Shaking Bear not completed the quest to find the little puppy?

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'White! When I was digging up the weeds, I suddenly found a treasure map!" Lin Le said, showing off his achievements. FrozenCloud and Little Ye Tian were stunned. That was possible!? Ye Cang quickly ran over, and snatched the map. His two eyes began to emit red light, "Lele's still the best..."

Little Ye Tian clenched her teeth as the two of them stared at each other. Then she turned away, in a bad mood. *Lele, that bastard.* She began stomping on the limestone floor... FrozenCloud watched, between laughter and tears.

The four of them sat around a wooden desk and analyzed the treasure map. Little Ye Tian cross referenced the treasure map with her own created map and found the spot. It was somewhere in the mountains north of Black Rock City. She marked the coordinates on her own map. She then calculated the information FrozenCloud had given her. After a round of elimination, she marked a circle showing the possible area. "The place Lil'Dino mentioned should be in this area. According to the topography, this place has the highest chance of having a hole. It's also the most hidden."

"A'Xiong that brat. He just has to find a little puppy, what's taking him so long..." Ye Cang just finished his words when Zhang ZhengXiong's sorry figure staggered in. 

"Bro! No way in hell that was a puppy! My god, it was 5 or 6 meters large! Not only that, it was damn fierce! I was chased so far by it, I almost couldn't come back. However, that little girl's older sister, Allie, is quite the beauty. Tsk~ Tsk~ that butt... Cough~ Cough~ Here's the reward. It looks like some sort of egg. Marie gave it to me. She said it was something their pet dog picked up in the wilds..." Zhang ZhengXiong grumbled as he walked. When he spoke of Marie's sister Allie, he became more spirited. At the end, he took out an egg.
