---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 222"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 222: First Maintenance and Update

Ye Cang took the egg. Identify!!

Kagu Bug General Egg (Quality - A): A taste that chicken eggs can never hope to match~~! Whether with vegetables or just eaten directly with rice, it's a delicacy you will never forget.

Ye Cang nodded, then took out an iron pot. "A Kagu Bug General Egg. Let's eat it. It says that this thing tastes good. Even if we just add it raw to rice, it'll be delicious..."

"Good Idea..." Lin Le nodded.

"Eh, I worked so hard for a chicken egg..." Zhang ZhengXiong said helplessly.

"Father, I feel like that isn't the best idea..." Little Ye Tian was afraid of being bitten on the head again.

"Team Leader! Think it over! This is clearly meant to be a pet! Our team doesn't have a mascot yet. Let's give it a chance to live..." Although FrozenCloud was tempted by the edible food, but even with the identity of a traitor, she was loyal and would do what was best for the team. This took courage.

Ye Cang hesitated. He looked at the faintly transparent egg, then recalled he had a beast taming skill. *Let's give it a shot. If it doesn't work, I'll cook it.* He put the egg down, his head still filled with the thought of eating it with bibimbap. However, things didn't go as he wished. The skill succeeded. The egg cracked. A palm sized creature with 4 sharp claws and a body covered in a soft black shell popped out. It shook itself dry and stood up. It had praying mantis like scythes, and on it's back was a pair of not-yet-dried transparent bug wings. It's four bug eyes looked foolishly at Ye Cang and made a happy chirping sound. It then began to eat the egg shell and the fluid inside.

"Congratulations, you've succeeded in breeding and taming a Kagu Bug General Larva. Please give it a name..."

Ye Cang looked away. *Tch~ It succeeded.* He named it, "Emergency Ration..."

Animal Companion: Emergency Ration

Species: Mutated Insect - Kagu Bug General

Level: 1

Loyalty: Fanatical (It thinks you're its mother~)

Stage: Newborn

Grade: A

Characteristics: Nocturnal (Nocturnal. +30% fighting strength in dark places.)

Strength: 15

Dexterity: 12

Constitution: 17

Intelligence: 3

Wisdom: 11

Skills: None

Lin Le's looked at the palm size bug with big eyes and reached out to poke it. "Brother Lil'White, what's it called?"

"Emergency Ration..." Ye Cang said plainly. FrozenCloud froze, then felt powerless. *As expected of Team Leader...*

Ye Cang once again identified it!

Kagu Bug General Larva: Super delicious when deep fried!

"Let's deep fry it. It says it's super delicious when deep fried..." Ye Cang proposed once again.

"Eh, bro, it's already born. It's now one of us..." Zhang ZhengXiong quickly said. He looked at the four legged, silly looking creature who looked back at himself with those bug eyes. He couldn't bear to let it be eaten. 

Ye Cang looked at the creature and could only think of putting it in the pot. He sighed, "Little Ration... from now on, you're one of our comrades!!"

The little bug screeched excitedly. Ye Cang picked it up and put it on his shoulder. The four of them then began to discuss what their next move would be. Should they go find the hidden treasure, or find that monster lair that FrozenCloud heard about, or the final quest - the boss monster of Ayikos trail who often attacks travellers.

"Father, Ayikos trail is in the same direction as the grassland. I think we should kill the boss first, then go find the monster nest on the way back. The chest will be last, because the monsters there are stronger than in the grasslands. Although our equipment is among the best right now, we should still start with the easier area." Little Ye Tian expressed her opinion.

"Then let's do as Little Tian says. We'll first deal with the boss, then try to find the place Lil'Dino mentioned! Ok! Before leaving, let's use these coupons Lil'Dino got and get ourselves some new hairstyles!!" Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded.

FrozenCloud nodded at the first part of his speech, but the later part made her speechless. Right now, everyone was fighting to snatch the advantage, yet you want to go get a haircut!?

Ye Cang saw FrzoenCloud's look and said sincerely, "Don't be anxious. I know you want to change in reality too. For now, let's just change our hair at the barber. In a few days, we can go to korea. Cheer up..."

FrozenCloud was about to say something, but she saw everyone's comforting look, and couldn't manage to get the words out. She could only sigh in her heart...

The 5 of them took the coupons and went to Black Rock City's barber shop. Ye Cang got his long white hair trimmed a bit. Little Ye Tian got a short and neat haircut. Zhang ZhengXiong got a short rat-tail. Lin Le had the hair on his temples trimmed. As for FrozenCloud, everyone pressured her into getting twin braids, like a little kid. Looking at her braids in the mirror, she immediately regretted it. She looked to the barber and asked, "Can I change it?"

"50 Silver, thanks..." He smiled.

"Team Leader, I want to change to a different one..." FrozenCloud looked over and saw that Ye Cang and the others had already walked away. They were chatting and laughing about their new looks in the distance. She didn't have any money on her! With a sigh, she sullenly said, "I'll come back..."

She ran after the others and began trying to persuade them to giver her the money to change hairstyles. The reply she got was, "We'll only go to the barber once a month. Wasting money is shameful. You look good..."

"......"

At this very moment.

"The game will begin its first maintenance and update! All players who have left the beginner village will be evaluated, and will receive a corresponding reward! The maintenance will begin in 5 minutes and last for 7 days! Please look forwards to it."

Ye Cang sighed. He turned and put a hand on FrozenCloud's shoulder, "Our long vacation is here. Lil'Dino, the day you become beautiful is almost upon us..." He then turned and looked at the sky, "Korean Beauty, here we come..."

"Trip! Trip!" Lin Le happily shouted.

"Leaving the country to relax. Tch~ Tch~ Not bad... Korea has tons of beauties, even though they're all fake..." Zhang ZhengXiong was also looking forwards to it.

Little Ye Tian looked at FrozenCloud and showed a rare girly smile, "Remember to use my picture..."

"I..." FrozenCloud began to panic. *This day came too suddenly! What should I do!?* 

Ye Cang saw that she was flustered and smiled, "What? Starting to worry? Relax, we'll be with you. We'll be there to witness your transformation into a beauty until the end."

"Lil'Dino, don't be nervous! We're with you!" Lin Le encouraged her.

Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around her shoulder, "We're good brothers! What's the saying... Being brothers is fine, being sisters is fine! In this life!!"

"N-No... No something. I forgot again..." Lin Le wanted to pick up where Zhang ZhengXiong had left off, but forgot again. He scratched his head, embarrassed.

"Not in the next!!<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>" Ye Cang and Little Ye Tian finished.

"Yeah! Not in the next!!" Lin Le patted his chest.

"..." FrozenCloud could no longer say her true thoughts. She could only shout in her mind, *just kill me already!*

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Good brothers in this life, not in the next: Means something like you should treasure your brothers while you can... I think.