---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 223"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 223: Meeting at the Station**

Ye Cang was on the 2nd floor balcony. He stretched lazily and then collapsed onto a chair as he watched the beautiful Sea of Stars. Wu Na sat to his side, "I'm also almost level 10. Next time, we'll be able to play together."

"Mm... Nana, how are your preparations?" Ye Cang asked with a calm smile. 

"I'm a bit nervous. We didn't even have a month to prepare. Everyone in the band is mentally exhausted. Right, I won't be going with you to Korea. These few days I'll be practicing..." Wu Na said, swinging her legs.

Ye Cang nodded. He took out a device and called FrozenCloud's number, "Lil'Dino, come to Lin Hai tomorrow afternoon, got it!? What? You don't want to go anymore? Nope! This is your leader's order! For this day, everyone worked so hard, all for you. You can't back out now! Be brave!"

FrozenCloud ended the call with an unspeakable feeling in her heart. She was afraid of their reaction once they realised she tricked them. Would they be mad? Her team leader was so good to her, just to find out she was a liar. Although it wouldn't be a big issue, but with team leader's disposition, it was hard to say... She became restless and worried. She also felt some regret, because she had become hot-headed after hearing his words and agreed. 

FrozenBlood came to the door and saw the nervous FrozenCloud, "What's wrong?"

FrozenCloud told her about the situation. FrozenBlood stroked her chin in thought, then nodded, "So that's how it is. Just go. You'll be exposed eventually. It's better to do it now. Don't think too much. PaleSnow and them aren't so petty. You can conveniently go to Korea and just tour around..."

Although FrozenBlood said those things, she was thinking to herself, *This girl will probably suffer tragically.* She turned around to leave, revealing the grin she had been holding back...

*Team Leader and them aren't so petty?* FrozenCloud thought doubtfully. While she was hesitating, she had already put together her luggage.

The next morning, at the Lin Hai Train Station.

Little Ye Tian was holding a particularly eye-catching signboard written in red which said, "Lil'Dino! Korean Beauty Trip! Here!"

The three men were holding a copy of FrozenCloud's picture, where she looked like a rugged mountain path, and was looking around for her. A girl who looked similar to the beauty that they often see in the game began walking towards them. She was wearing jean shorts and a form fitting T-shirt, showing off her curves. Zhang ZhengXiong raised his eyebrows. "Bro, that beauty that's walking towards us looks a lot like Lil'Dino in the game. Even her aura is similar."

"It can't be Lil'Dino. Our Lil'Dino looks like this..." Ye Cang raise the picture in the air. The surrounding pedestrians were all keeping their distance and circling around the group, whispering, "The person in the photo is such a tryhard. Even if she went to Korean Beauty, they could at most pave the roads. There's just too much to change."

"Team Leader..." FrozenCloud walked up to them and looked helplessly at the picture.

"You are...?" Ye Cang looked at her doubtfully. 

Lin Le sized her up. "Brother Lil'White! She's not Lil'Dino! Lil'Dino is probably too embarrassed to come, so had a substitute come in her place!!"

"It turns out that even though Lil'Dino looks like that, she has such a beautiful sister. No wonder she feels so inferior. Let Lil'Dino come by herself. She needs to man up..." Ye Cang suddenly saw the light, filling in the details by himself. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le nodded in approval. Little Ye Tian's scanned the woman with her eyes, and noticed that it was really her. She sighed in relief. She had been worried that if Lil'Dino was really such a monster, she might get eaten for being too cute.

"Ummm... I'm really Lil'Dino. Wrong... Ptui~ I'm FrozenCloud..." FrozenCloud said helplessly.

"Swindler! Lil'Dino looks like this! Not so bright and neat like you, you ugly-on-the-inside thing!" Lin Le held up the picture, full of righteous indignation.

"......" FrozenCloud rolled her eyes. *Lele, I'll replace your radar with a sockpuppet!* "I'm really FrozenCloud..."

"Prove it!" Ye Cang crossed his arms and closed his eyes. 

FrozenCloud looked towards Little Ye Tian. Little Ye Tian said indifferently, "She's the real thing."

Ye Cang and the others looked at FrozenCloud furiously. FrozenCloud felt too ashamed to raise her head. "I... I...."

"Why didn't you tell us before you went to Korean Beauty by yourself! Do you not trust us!?" Ye Cang shouted in a low voice.

"Lil'Dino, you disappoint Lele..." Lin Le turned his back to her.

"Hah~ You... What to do with you... My bro has been planning this day for a while, afraid you were lacking confidence..." Zhang ZhengXiong also felt rather upset.

"Eh... I'm sorry, Team Leader, Brother Xiong, Lele, Little Tian. I was wrong..." FrozenCloud felt like her brain was shot by a gun. Just how deep rooted was their belief that she was ugly. At the same time, she felt rather moved. This mixture of feelings was indescribable.

Ye Cang hugged FrozenCloud, and then sighed. He spoke words from his heart, "We're all teammates. Comrades. You can't hide things from us again. We prepared this money for you, so you should have it. Just consider it a bonus from our studio, for your health, or your nose, or cheekbone... or whatever thing on your face. Whatever it was, it must have cost a lot. We're all brothers so you don't have to be considerate. Got it?"

"Team Leader, I can't accept it. My family is pretty rich..." FrozenCloud quickly tried to refuse it. She knew that their circumstances weren't that good. She began to feel even worse about the situation.

"Lil'Dino, you're too kind hearted..." Ye Cang saw that she absolutely refused to accept it, and dropped the subject.

"Humph~!" Lin Le snorted childishly and turned away from her again.

"Ok ok. Lele, Lil'Dino just doesn't want to cause trouble for us. Forgive her..." Zhang ZhengXiong grabbed Lin Le and brought him to FrozenCloud, and then hinted at her to play along.

FrozenCloud wanted to die, but at the same time felt very warm. She held Lin Le's hand gently. "I was wrong, forgive me, Lele..."

"Alright..." Lin Le made a I-really-can't-say-no-to-you expression and then said cutely, "Let's go, let's go, to Korea!!"

"Hah~ my reference picture... such a pity..." Little Ye Tian sighed. FrozenCloud looked at her speechlessly. *That's what you're worried about!?*

"Lil'Dino, it's not bad. I thought it would be hopeless. Looks like the legends about Korea are true... We should go to Korean Beauty anyways. Even if it's just to trim your eyebrows, and clean up your sideburns. Who cares if they'll still grow back." Ye Cang walked as they talked. (AN: It's not that Ye Cang suspects her identity. Nor is it because he want's to know if she really went there to get surgery. He knows about Korean Beauty's reputation and is amazed that he can't tell at all that she's been through modifications, which clearly shows how skilled Korean Beauty is.)

"Haha~ Haha..." FrozenCloud laughed awkwardly. *Who would have thought that I would really need to go to Korean Beauty. And I'm actually going to go trim my eyebrows, I can't even cry.*
