---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 225"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

TN: I turned the korean names from that martial arts competition into korean. Kim SuYeon is the korean swordswoman who came in 2nd.

---

### Chapter 225: Meeting Kim SuYeon Again

Korea, Korean Beauty Plastic Surgery Clinic.

Everyone was giving FrozenCloud an encouraging look. She raised her foot and entered. A classy looking beauty looked at FrozenCloud and smiled professionally. "May I ask, what is your business today?"

FrozenCloud's cell phone automatically translated it for her. "I want to trim my eyebrows..."

"......" The beauty, as well as everyone else there felt embarrassed. "Miss, you only want to trim your eyebrows? Do you want to sign up for a membership card? We include a complete insurance, such as if you accidently fall and break your nose, we can fix it for you free of charge. Coming to Korean Beauty just to trim your eyebrows... ummm... how should I say it, it sounds like a joke. Of course, we're not blaming you, we just don't understand. Trimming your eyebrows, any barber shop or beauty salon could do it..."

"I have my circumstances..." FrozenCloud sighed.

"Alright, then how about adding some skin treatment. It's simple, natural, extremely good for your skin and won't cause any side-effects. It has a whitening and anti-aging effect. What do you say? Just fixing your eyebrows... is a bit... of a waste. We're really not blaming you. We are, after all, the world's largest and best plastic surgery clinic..." The beauty's etiquette reminded her of the shop assistants back in China, of course, not those low quality one. She had China's aggressive marketing, making you buy whether you want it or not. "Alright then..."

"Bro, Korean Beauty has a sauna. Let's go in too." Zhang ZhengXiong said as he looked through the list of products and services.

"Yeah, Yeah..." Lin Le said excitedly.

"Alright. We've been sitting on the train for hours, let's relax a bit..." Ye Cang nodded. The four of them walked in.

FrozenCloud looked back and saw that Ye Cang and them had also entered. "Team Leader? Guys?"

"Steam Sauna..." Ye Cang said with his indifferent smile.

"May I ask, what is your business today" The beauty weakly asked. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's ferocious physique, that stalwart face, as well as that heavy pressure, and became frightened.

"Steam Sauna..." Ye Cang turned to her and smiled.

...

Several hours later.

"Wow, these koreans sure are hospitable. They actually let us use the sauna for free because we were with Lil'Dino..." Zhang ZhengXiong and the others were now back.

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. *She was clearly just scared by you! When that manager saw you bend that piece of metal into the shape of a heart, then dance dance around holding several tons, her face was pale white.* "Where to next?"

"Let's go check out the korean colleges, then find a place to stay the night. Tomorrow we go to Jeju Island..." Ye Cang said without enthusiasm.

FrozenCloud raised her brows. They were going to stay here for a night? Speaking of which, the korean colleges are supposed to be about the same as Lin Hai's, but it was way smaller compared to the capitals. She didn't say anything though, after all, there was no rush. It was fine to just go to Jeju Island tomorrow morning.

They arrived at the station, and FrozenCloud noticed that the crowd seemed to avoid them as if there was a bubble around them. Everyone who saw Zhang ZhengXiong would walk around him. When they got on the bus, she looked around and saw all the seats around them were empty. Many people were even willing to stand. Thinking back, it was also the same on the hovering train... She once again broke out in cold sweat. Such a useful guy.

FrozenCloud saw Zhang ZhengXiong get up, offering his seat to an elder, but the elder was afraid and refused, causing a trace of sadness to flash by Zhang ZhengXiong's face. Her heart was touched. She knew that he was a gentle person. She then turned to look at Ye Cang, who was staring out the window, looking at the sky. It seemed like nothing would cause ripples in his heart, giving off a trustworthy feeling. As for Lin Le, he was teaching Little Ye Tian some mysterious things. It must be fun living together with them.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked down at Ye Cang's white striped bag. It was long, and looked as if it could carry an instrument or something. "Bro, you're..."

"Mm, just two more times..." Ye Cang nodded.

Zhang ZhengXiong just sighed.

They got off the bus and saw a scene very similar to Lin Hai. There were quite a few chinese students here, making up about 20%. After wandering around the campus and shopping district, a girl suddenly stood up and shouted at them.

"I feel like we've met this young lady somewhere before..." Zhang ZhengXiong turned and looked at the pretty girl who was walking over, but he couldn't remember where they had met.

"The exchange meet. One of the korean students. The swordswoman who came in second. Kim Suyeon..." Little Ye Tian, with her highly retentive memory, said.

"Oh, I remember..." Zhang ZhengXiong suddenly realized. FrozenCloud looked at the newcomer who was apparently 2nd in Lin Hai's exchange meet's sword fighting division. It could be considered pretty impressive, but she herself wasn't any weaker. Although she wasn't as good as her big sister at her family's martial arts, but she was enough to be one of the top 10 martial artists at the imperial capital's college. As long as she didn't run into that freak.

"Zhang ZhengXiong-sshi, still remember me...?" Kim SuYeon asked. This guy, without using any real effort, was able to crush Yasuaki Ryuichi's disciple, Shoichi Matsumura. Although he did use pepper spray.

"I remember a bit, need something?" Zhang ZhengXiong nodded and looked at her doubtfully.

Kim SuYeon looked at the others for a moment, then hesitated on the white haired Ye Cang. Her gaze was locked on the bag on his back. *Instrument? There aren't that many instruments which are so thin and long, moreover, it gives a familiar feeling. Sword?* She began to size Ye Cang up, then moved onto FrozenCloud. *This one's also an expert.* Finally she looked to the foolish looking Lin Le, and smiled, "Nothing much. I just saw you guys come to our college and was curious what you were doing."

"Vacation, we're touring around. Tomorrow we're going to Jeju Island..." Zhang ZhengXiong said.

"Oh..." Kim SuYeon looked at them with an eccentric expression. *Vacation!? If I remember correctly, there's no holiday during this time. In fact, it should be an especially busy time for students.* "I can be your guide and show you around..."

"Then we'll trouble you..." Ye Cang agreed after thinking it over. None of them were familiar with this place, so there was nothing wrong with having a local guide.

Kim SuYeon brought everyone to look around the science center, the manmade mountains, as well as the restaurant that served her favorite kimchi. Ye Cang even secretly consulted her a bit and 'learned' how to make pickled vegetables. Zhang ZhengXiong and the others didn't know why, but they all felt a shiver. Finally, Kim SuYeon brought everyone to the martial arts building, and they stood on a balcony watching the hard-working students train. "This is the area's largest training ground. Pung WonSeung will sometimes come around to teach some skills."

Zhang ZhengXiong pursed his lips, not the least interested. Kim SuYeon smiled. This guy had the qualifications to be arrogant.
