---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 226"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 226: 1 Minute 25 Seconds**

One of the men leading the training noticed Kim SuYeon. He looked at the people beside her, and recognized Zhang ZhengXiong. *Isn't that the guy that got first place in the last exchange?* "SuYeon! What are you doing here?"

"Nothing much. I'm just showing a few friends from China around, Senior Song ChungBal..." Kim SuYeon said with a bright smile.

"Let's go and find a place to rest. We still need to go to Jeju Island tomorrow, so we're short on time..." Ye Cang said indifferently.

FrozenCloud didn't really understand why they were short on time. Even if they wasted some time, it wouldn't matter much as they weren't going to Jeju Island until tomorrow. Was he afraid of them not waking up in time?

"Friends from China, don't be in such a hurry to leave. Why not come down and play..." The guy called Son ChungBal smiled, trying to provoke them.

"You're not even worth looking at..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, thinking nothing of him after just a glance.

"How would you know if you don't try..." Son ChungBal had become a bit angry. Such an arrogant guy.

Zhang ZhengXiong chuckled, "Bro, it won't take long..."

"Alright..." Ye Cang found a random seat and sat down. Lin Le sat beside him feeling sleepy. Ye Cang wrapped an arm around him, and the other around Little Ye Tian on his other side.

Kim SuYeon raised an eyebrow when she saw how Zhang ZhengXiong had deferred to the white haired weirdo, then looked at the bag on his back once again. *He's probably not someone simple.*

"1 minute 25 seconds..." Little Ye Tian said indifferently.

"What does that mean..." FrozenCloud asked, sitting beside Little Ye Tian.

"How long it will take Brother Xiong to take care of them..." Little Ye Tian said seriously. FrozenCloud froze. This little girl's analysis were never baseless. Was Shaking Bear so amazing?

Zhang ZhengXiong leapt down from the balcony, into the training room. He straightened up, looked at the hundred or so martial artists, and sneered. "Come together..."

3 minutes later, outside the martial art's building.

FrozenCloud looked at his calm appearance and thought back to the earlier scene. People were being launched and thrown all over the place. That Son ChungBal managed to hold on for about 20 seconds before being knocked out. *Shaking Bear was so fierce. He's probably even stronger than my sister.*

Kim SuYeon was also a bit shaken. This man with the back of a tiger and waist of a bear had defeated over a hundred people in less than 2 minutes. Although they might not be considered experts, they still had some training. Not all of them were knocked out, but the rest didn't even dare approach after feeling his oppressive aura. Song ChungBal's strength could be considered pretty good, even a bit stronger than Shoichi Matsumura, yet was quickly and easily dealt with by Zhang ZhengXiong. China was really full of hidden talents. She then looked at Ye Cang's thin figure and felt even more confused. *What about this guy? What kind of sword is he carrying? It's so long, and shouldn't be very wide, so it's probably not a traditional chinese sword. It's also probably not a katana.* She wanted to ask, but knew it wasn't good to, so dropped the subject. "For accommodations, this is the best place. It's close to the Hovering Train so you can go to Jeju Island easily. It's price is low, but provides all hotel services, moreover, it's environment is among the best in Seoul."

"Thanks..." Ye Cang nodded and smiled. Since fate had brought them together, he walked up and gave her some advice, "Keep training your swordsmanship. You should make it a bit simpler, don't neglect the basics. Although it's just competitions, battles are often decided with one move. The rest is important too, but it's all for the sake of preparing for the winning move..."

Ye Cang had seen her lose to the Island Nation beauty. Her loss was because of the competition. It encouraged the process of fighting, forgetting its roots which is to kill your enemy. Only victory was important.

Kim SuYeon looked into Ye Cang's pink pupils and froze. She absentmindedly watched them enter the hotel, and continued to stare blankly for a very long time, looking at the spot where they had walked off to. *Just what kind of master are you.* She quickly pulled out her phone and told her grandmaster.

"The techniques used in competitions have completely changed. He's talking about the path of slaughter. To put everything into one blade. A path of destruction that only focuses on cutting down your enemies. Throwing aside creativity, throwing aside the process of the fight, pursuing only victory. This isn't something anyone can accomplish, we're not machines after all. However, his words aren't without reason. SuYeon, your competition techniques are too showy and lack in the basics. Cough~ Cough~ I was going to tell you after a while. You should thank that Chinese swordsman..." The elder voice said.

"Grandmaster, what do you think his strength..." Kim SuYeon tried asking.

"At least a 'Heroic Swordsman'<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>..." The elder said seriously.

"No way! He's only..." Kim SuYeon said, her voice trailing off. 'Heroic Swordsman', that would put him ather father's level!!

"China is full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. ZhengBang's little Canon, also called the Chrysanthemum Emperor, was peerless throughout the entire world at a very early age. Nobody dared to cross swords with him. In the past, no one would dare claim to be first while the Chrysanthemum Emperor was around." The elder said with a sigh.

"Umm... wasn't that just a myth. I always thought it was fake..." Kim SuYeon wasn't even able to imagine it. A 13 year old boy becoming the strongest under the heavens, becaming China's prime minister. No one could be that awesome. Creator of the current college system. The only god ranked character in the virtual world, and god rank wasn't an exaggeration; in fact god rank might not be enough, something like king of gods rank would be more accurate. There wasn't even anyone with a god rank character and he actually went beyond that. The golden generation too... She stopped her thoughts there. The China now couldn't compare to in the past. Had they decline so much?

"SuYeon, there's a lot you don't know about. The Chrysanthemum Emperor might be from our Korean federation..." The elder spoke calmly.

"Eh..."

"My ancestor once said that the Chrysanthemum Emperor liked to say 'Annyeonghaseyo'<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>, but leaving that aside. The Chrysanthemum Emperor came to Korea once and gave my ancestor some guidance, causing his chrysanthemum to hurt for half a year. This gave him a flash of enlightenment, leading to the creation of the Ancient Sword Style - Chaotic Chrysanthemum. However, besides that ancestor, no one has been able to grasp its secrets. SuYeon, once you make a breakthrough, you can read it."

"I'll work hard..." Kim SuYeon knew the grandmaster had great expectations for her, so said seriously.

...

Outer Space, in some other solar system, a ship many times bigger than any planet drifted through space.

"Husband, when will you come back? Suzy you b\*tch." A beauty with long dark hair said as she discarded a bird<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup>.

"If you ask me, who do I ask! Yue Ru you damn hag!" A sweet model like girl took the sparrow and discarded a 1 Circle.

"Little Ye, what do you think? Evelyn, you can just be quiet, you parasite that only eats." A red haired foreign woman as beautiful as a flower discarded a 5 Character.

"Get lost! You're not any better than me. Mom was just saying how diligent I am! Your grandson's diapers are all changes by me!!" The black haired, fair skinned, latina said unhappily.

A woman carrying a 2 meter long blade looked out a window at the endless sea of stars. "Just wait for lord husband to return. I'm more worried about husband's descendent who was left on our mother planet. Are they doing alright? We all forgot about Lan Lan."

The surrounding women all became sad. They all knew Lan Lan probably already passed away, leaving a descendent behind in the Lin Family. They all sighed.

Lin Le woke up dazed. He looked up at the sky longingly, his ahoge drooping. A tear slowly dripped down his cheek. "Father, Mother, Lele is here. Where are you..."

---

TN: This chapter... WTF is happening T.T

As always, new names are subject to change... especially some of those near the end...

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Idk... random words coming up T.T

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: 'How are you?' in korean.

<a name="footnote3">3</a>: They're playing mahjong. One of the tiles is a bird.