---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 227"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 227: Cold Moon**

Late night.

Ye Cang was on the balcony under the moon, unzipping the zipper on his long bag. A white handle with a mysterious texture was revealed, looking a bit like bone. He reached towards it and slowly pulled it out. The guard looked like a european styled guard, designed to look like 3 petals winding around the blade. On the hilt, a U shaped notch could clearly be seen. It looked like a sight that one might see on a firearm. Next was a long white scabbard. The sword was about 150cm long overall, and was very slender.

Ye Cang attached the blade to his waist, and leapt off the balcony. Like a shadow, he disappeared under the moonlight.

Korea, in some secret base.

A woman who seemed to almost not be human due to her complete lack of expression was standing on a clock tower nearby with a blade hung horizontally behind her waist. Under the bright moonlight, her beautiful, long, jet black hair and jacket billowed in the wind. At this moment, she slowly turned her head and said completely emotionlessly, "Leader, you're late again..."

Ye Cang slowly came to her side, and looked at her chest, "It really is growing. Well, it's expected, you're still undergoing puberty."

"You've made a deal with #1 to leave the 10 commandments?" Cold Moon said, still emotionless.

"I don't know, I'm a bit tired of repeating these massacres. His ambition is too big- No... he's right, if we don't suppress this world, it would fall an era of eternal chaos..." Ye Cang muttered.

"That has nothing to do with me. I only want to know if you're leaving. If you quit, so will I..." Cold Moon's voice didn't have the slightest undulation, but Ye Cang could feel her attachment.

He smiled at her, "We can talk when the time comes. Even if I stay, I won't do anymore missions. Being an honorary member is also not bad..."

Cold Moon nodded, then reached out to draw her blade. A 4 foot long straight blade was drawn. She slowly began walking to their mission location.

Ye Cang watched her back, and recalled a past mission. In the festive downtown, a young lady witnessed her parents, brother, and sister being shred apart by a mutated beast, resulting in her losing her smile and most of her other emotions. She was found guarding her family's damaged bodies, swinging a machete at the beast.

He had saved her at that time, and watched as she buried her family. Her cold face was covered with fury and vengeance. He had brought her with him on missions, and taught her his skills. Truth be told, out of the normal humans, she was the most formidable genius he had ever seen, and possessed talent in the art of slaughter. She was now someone who #1 viewed as one of the most important members, and the top choice for killing missions.

Ye Cang looked nearby and faintly raised his brows, "There are others..."

"It should be the Korean's Heaven and Earth Group (AN: like the Dragon Group in China)." Cold Moon spoke as she walked, not minding the observers at all.

Two shadows appeared before Ye Cang and Cold Moon, sizing them up. "Our two distinguished guests are?"

"The 10 Commandments will be taking over here. Bring your people and leave..." Ye Cang glanced at them and then said indifferently.

"Our guests sure are arro..." The man on the left didn't even finish speaking when two flashes appeared, and each of them suddenly lost a hand. The blood splattered, and they stifled their screams. There was a bone-chilling cold in her Cold Moon's eyes as she spoke emotionlessly, "While your hands can still be reattached, quickly get out of here. We don't want to have to repeat ourselves. Anyone in that area will die..."

Ye Cang and Cold Moon slowly walked past the two terrified people.

"That just now was probably the legendary Executioner - Cold Moon. Let's quickly go inform the boss!" The man on the left said as he picked up his hand. He was humiliated, but had no choice other than to admit that the difference in strength was too great. He couldn't even see her blade, and didn't know he was attacked until afterwards. If she didn't happen to know that they belonged to the Heaven and Earth Group, it probably wouldn't just be their hands that fell.

"Mm..." The other man endured the pain and also picked up his hand. The two of them quickly left to report, and stop anyone from approaching the area.

Inside the base.

"Bishop! Bring the 5th catalyst and leave! It's the 10 Commandments' Cold Moon! We can't delay the ceremony and waste our efforts! Our prosperity must continue! Let the light of salvation save this world!!" A black gowned man with snake skin on his face said to a white gowned man with the skin of an alligator skin.

"Those damn heretics..." The alligator skinned man spoke in a deep voice as his two eyes glowed red. He sighed and grabbed a flask half a meter tall, then turned to walk away. The snake skinned man turned to all the disciples who were covered in various animal skins, and shouted, "The corruption of man, the light of our lord, the light of salvation! Purify the world!"

...

Cold Moon's location was covered in the flashes of a blade, limbs littered the ground. Ye Cang's sword looked like it never left its sheet, yet many unsuspecting disciples would be suddenly left with a hole in their forehead. It seemed like the two of them were wordlessly taking a stroll in the base. However, nothing was left alive in their wake.

Their mission was simple, kill everyone here then take the experiment results.

"Leader, are we not going to intercept him? He's getting away..." Cold Moon said as she instantly chopped a several meter large bug into chunks of meat.

"He can't get away, Ardent Wind is waiting outside. It's enough if we completely annihilate this place..." Ye Cang's sword flashed, and an enormous boom was heard. A nearly 10 meter large creature suddenly had a small hole in its forehead. Then the small hole spiralled outwards, grinding it into paste.

The two of them arrived in the experiment room and saw various creatures. Void beast and hell beast body parts were floating in a liquid acting as the ingredients to a mutation catalyst. Covering the floor, as if the place was purgatory, were bodies of mutated people. Cold Moon sheathed her blade onto her back.

Ye Cang looked at the massacre he had caused. People, mutants, artificial creations, ultimately they were all people. He didn't understand why this was necessary, and could only sigh.

A burst of wind swept by, and a figure appeared in front of the two, carrying the experiment result. "Let's go, we can leave the cleanup to the Heaven and Earth Group."

Wind blew again, and the three of them disappeared. 

When the Heaven and Earth members received their superior's instructions, they entered the base and saw body parts littering the ground. Limbs and organs, from the doorway as far as the eye could see. It was like they had stepped into hell. This was the 10 Commandments' Cold Moon? They could feel their blood turn cold. Such a big base and nothing remained alive...

"Boss, we're letting them go just like that?" Asked one of the men missing a hand. He was currently healing in a hospital.

"The 10 Commandments will settle it with us later. They took the experiment results and left us with the creatures and samples that they couldn't destroy..." A middle aged man with graying hair nodded. The 10 commandments were the natural enemy of all the world's cults and 'saviors', so many federations turned a blind eye to their activity. Most importantly was that the 10 were strong. Especially #1 - The Fool, #2 - War Soul, #5 - Cold Moon, and #7 - Silver Devil. The subordinate were also powerful.
