---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 228"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 228: Under the Moonlight**

Ye Cang returned to his room in the hotel, stored his still pristine sword back into the bag, then put it away as if it had never been taken out. He once again returned to the balcony where Cold Moon was waiting. "We haven't admired the moon together in a while..."

Ye Cang leaned on the railing and smiled. "Yeah. I heard you have an assistant now. How is it..."

"Mm, she's a promising girl. In the future, she can definitely take my place, but she still needs to train for now..." Cold Moon faintly nodded.

"I should find a new assistant too..." Ye Cang murmured. After two more missions, he would retire, but he still needed someone to take his place

"Want my help?" Cold Moon's emotionless voice sounded very reliable to Ye Cang.

He smiled, "I'll take care of it myself."

Cold Moon slowly took out a can of his favorite beer. Ye Cang hesitated, then took it, opened it with a crack, and drank a big mouthful.

"In the past, after every mission you would make me run so far to buy this 10 federal dollar beer..." Cold Moon said, still not understanding why he was so attached to this brand. In case it was actually some good alcohol, she had tried it. The flavor could only be described as one that didn't let down it's price.

Ye Cang watched Cold Moon in a daze.

Cold Moon couldn't even raise her eyebrows, she could only give a slight nod. She couldn't make any other expressions. Even her tone couldn't show any emotions. "What?"

"Nothing, I'm just recalling the first time we met. You were only this big..." Ye Cang said, marking a point at about his chest. 

Cold Moon raised her head and said, "At that time, you were only about 5cm taller than me..."

Ye Cang froze, then flew into a rage out of humiliation. He reached up and pinched her cheek. She was about half a head taller than him now. "Do you still get nightmares?"

Cold Moon faintly nodded, "I'm used to it."

"Do you still wet the bed when it storms?" Ye Cang continued to ask.

"That time was an accident... I didn't..." Cold Moon's words were meant to be bashful, but her tone was as flat as always.

"Oh~~ I saw it with my own eyes..." Ye Cang drank some more then made a teasing smile.

"I said I didn't..." Cold Moon quickly said.

"Alright, let's pretend you didn't. I still have that picture..." Ye Cang took out his phone. A light flashed, and his phone fell into 4 pieces.

"......Eh" Ye Cang was dumbfounded, "This was a 90,000 federal dollars high-end phone! The Shen 231! Well, I have it saved on the cloud, so it's alright..." 

"Bastard..." Cold Moon said in an angerless tone, then turned and disappeared from under the moonlight.

"Damn girl..." Ye Cang was going to invite her to live with them, however, the hatred in her heart was too great. If only they could kill the initiator of that tragedy in her past, otherwise she would never be able to escape her nightmare. Thinking of the time they were together, whenever she would wake up, although she didn't show any emotion, he still knew how much sorrow was in her heart. Besides embracing her and gently stroking her back, there was nothing he could do.

"White haired big brother, I dreamed of my mom, dad little sister and little brother. We were walking down the street and mom bought brother his favorite game, Card Hero. Little sister, she..." Ye Cang recalled the dream she would tell him about with her eternally lost voice, it brought an indescribable ache to his heart. Besides A'Xiong and Lele, Cold Moon was the closest person to him. They had been through countless life or death situations together. He had watched her grow up mission after mission and raised her into an unstoppable butcher. *Was I wrong?*

"What are you thinking about?" A familiar voice travelled along with the breeze. Ardent Wind appeared beside him.

"Cold Moon..." Ye Cang crushed the empty beer can, and Ardent Wind passed him another one.

"Frankly, that girl is famous among the underworld. 10,000 Souls even included her in the list of people to never cross. You raised a terrifying moon that can make even the brave tremble. I bet they can always feel her looming over their necks."

"If possible, I wish she could forget her past and be like a regular girl. Feel the regular emotions of the normal world. To marry, give birth, and live happily..." Ye Cang didn't open the beer. Instead he put it aside, leaned on the railing, and gazed at the moon.

"Who wouldn't want that? However, in this world, how many people can fulfil their wish?" Ardent Wind shrugged, then looked at the moon and sighed. She'd once thought of living that sort of life, to accompany a loved one, raise a daughter, and experience the joy of having a family.

"True..." Ye Cang sighed, "Your wind powers are becoming stronger and stronger..."

"Oh, hearing it from your mouth doesn't sound right..." Ardent Wind said with distaste. This guy was several times faster than her, so she couldn't even catch him. With a swirl of wind, she disappeared from the balcony.

Ye Cang stayed for a while, then yawned and returned to his room.

Next day, early morning.

Boom!

Ye Cang was once again woken up suddenly by a door flying towards him. He once again speechlessly reached out and tapped, smashing it into pieces. Behind the rain of splinters, he could see an enraged person. *Eh!? Mrs Qin? Also, Sir Qin and ThornyRose. Does their entire family like to directly smash through doors!!!?* He looked at ThornyRose and FrozenBlood with a head full of question marks.

"Little Ye, you better have not done anything to betray our Zhen'er!" Mrs Qin walked up to Ye Cang's bed and directly sat down.

"Umm... I'm just on vacation..." Ye Cang said, covered in cold sweat.

"Did that Su BingYun girl seduce you!!" Mr Qun rushed up to Ye Cang and shouted.

"Umm... if you're talking about Lil'Dino, she's a member of my studio. We're on a company vacation..." Ye Cang replied dumbfounded.

"Bro / Brother Lil'White / Team Leader! What happened!" Zhang ZhengXiong and the others rushed over. FrozenCloud saw the Qin family husband and wife, ThornyRose as well as her own big sister, and began to sweat.

Mr Qin sized them up, especially Zhang ZhengXiong's astonishing physique. *This guy, his muscle is completely different than a body builder's! His muscles aren't just simple muscles! This kid must be his little brother, Zhang ZhengXiong. Really as gifted as the reports say.*

ThornyRose sighed and quickly mediated. First, she couldn't let FrozenCloud's secret get out. Second, she couldn't expose her own scheme. Zhang ZhengXiong and the others knew that he recently went to the capital to act as her boyfriend, so played along. The Qin family husband and wife sighed in relief. Although it was just an excuse to go on vacation in Jeju Island, they still had to accomplish their goal and also took some time to talk to Little Ye Tian.

ThornyRose saw that her two parents were fawning over Little Ye Tian, and thought back to her own childhood. *They weren't even that nice to me. So I really was adopted...*
