---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 229"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, Marky kun"
---

**Chapter 229: Camping at the Peak**

Jeju Island, Korea's biggest island. It's a typical volcanic island known as the Korean Hawaii. Some famous attractions are Yongduam (Dragon Head) Rock and Mount Hallasan.

Ye Cang and the others were already at Mount Hallasan's peak, 2000 meters above sea level. The nature and scenery were beautiful. Lin Hai had no mountains, so it was a novel experience for many of them.

They looked down the mountain towards Yongduam Rock, and just like it's name implied, it looked like the head of a dragon.

"Damn it, earlier that korean told me that Hallasan means a mountain tall enough to pull the universe. So shameless..." Zhang ZhengXiong casually said.

"Compared to Mount Everest, this place is just a baby. However, the scenery is really a sight for sore eyes. Let's go to Bakrokdam." Mr Qin said.

Bakrokdam was located at the peak of Mount Hallasan. When they had first arrived at the peak of the mountain, it was already night. The starry sky was resplendent but they didn't get to see the lake. Now, in a crevice on the mountain top, a clear lake appeared before everyone's eyes.

"So pretty..." Lin Le's ahoge swung back and forth.

"Indeed..." Mrs Qin nodded. Quiet mountain scenery, clean air, and the beautiful stars at night; to be able to experience these, their luck was pretty good.

"Come help set up camp! Tomorrow we're going down to fish." Mr Qin called Ye Cang and the others over to help.

"Everyone must be hungry. Let me make someone something with kimchi..." Ye Cang took out the prepared kimchi, and some ingredients.

Originally, Mrs Qin planned to make it. Seeing Ye Cang offer, she had a whole new level of respect for him. Their future son-in-law could actually cook. Such a good kid. Her family's daughter could probably only make some instant noodles.

Mr Qin smiled. "Who would have thought you could cook. Not bad, not bad. My family's girl... Hah~ I won't say anymore."

Mr Qin and Mrs Qin had their backs to ThornyRose and the others who were setting up camp, so they didn't notice everyone back away while shaking their heads the moment Ye Cang mentioned cooking. 

"That guy's food in reality, is it edible?" ThornyRose tried asking, however, seeing Zhang ZhengXiong and the other's reaction, she already knew the answer.

"A bit better than in the game..." Little Ye Tian tried her best to think of some words to make her father sound better, but it was all she could come up with.

"......" ThornyRose felt a chill down her back.

Mrs Qin watched Ye Cang cook with great expectation, but the more she saw, the more terrified she became. By the end, she was already drenched in cold sweat. She recalled the things he had done. He'd taken a pot of water to cook the kimchi. This first step was fine, until he threw in two pieces of chocolate. By this point, she thought it was just a unique style of cooking, until she saw Ye Cang throw in a salted fish, garlic, onion, wine, beef jerky, potato chips, raisins, and some high quality instant noodles. All of it thrown into one pot. 

Mrs Qin looked at Ye Cang and tried asking, "Little Ye, th-this..."

"It should taste good. Father, mother, it will be done in a bit..." Ye Cang said showing an indifferent smile.

Mr Qin smelled an indescribably stench. It was a disgusting greasy smell which made all his hairs stand on end. "Ummm... son-in-law... this..."

"It's done!" Ye Cang carried the pot over. "Let's eat. I'll serve you guys a bowl..."

Everyone looked at the sticky liquid inside the pot emitting the indescribably smell. Every bubble was like a warning of impending doom.

Ye Cang hummed a tune as he served everyone a portion.

They all felt their blood run cold as they held the warm thing in their hands.

Mr Qin looked at Mrs Qin. *Do we have to eat it?* Mrs Qin sighed. *For our daughter.* The parents braced themselves and slowly drank a sip. "Ah! The taste is not bad!!"

ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and even Zhang ZhengXiong and the others all hesitated. For real!? They doubtfully drank a sip, and their tastebuds were assaulted by various disgusting and greasy tastes, like a catastrophe occurring in their mouths. They looked at Mr and Mrs Qin who were holding back laughter. *Those pranksters...*

The parent's covered their mouths happily, then took out a paper bag and threw up. At this time, Mrs Qin was thinking: *In the future, we definitely can't let him near our kitchen unless our enemies come for dinner. This is simply an emetic.*

Ye Cang looked doubtfully at the people throwing up. *Are they faking it? It should taste good.* Drinking a sip, his eyebrows jumped, and he pulled out his own paper bag from his pocket. After he was done, he looked at everyone and said, "I know! It must be because the koreans poisoned our ingredients! So hateful!!"

After he finished speaking, he went back to throwing up.

What made the Qin couple the most dumbfounded was that he actually ate it himself, showing that he was serious. It seemed he was someone who liked to cook, but wasn't aware that he was a murderer of tastebuds. He actually believed he was good, and pushed the blame elsewhere. Too frightening.

ThornyRose and the others wanted to shout at him, but they had their hands full. They roared in their hearts, *don't blame the ingredients!*

After tens of minutes, everyone weekly replenished themselves.

The Qin family couple saw that Ye Cang was once again beginning to cook. Together with everyone, they succeeded in stopping him. Mrs Qin worked especially hard when she saw him holding 'Old-Hot-Mother' in one hand and a bar of chocolate in the other, with a frying pan in front of him...

Mr Qin was also shaken. Frying hot-sauce with chocolate. Although he himself knew next to nothing about cooking, he still knew how that would turn out. He quickly used drinking together as an excuse to pull Ye Cang away from the stove, even calling Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le over to join them. In the end, even ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and FrozenCloud joined too. They all drank the fine liquor, and chatted while looking at the scenery. The mountain top was filled with their chatter and laughter.

Everyone emotionally ate Mrs Qin's kimchi soup, especially ThornyRose and the others who had experienced the horrors in the game. The simple kimchi soup was good enough to make them shed tears. Waaah~ this warm feeling, this is what a mother feels like...

"Zhen'er, you've gotten fat lately. You should diet..." Mrs Qin said. ThornyRose didn't react. *This woman who would say such words to her own daughter in front of so many people, and even use a word like 'fat', isn't my mother. Real mother, where are you?*

"Haha, you can't call it fat. She's just much more sturdy than your normal delicate girl." Mr Qin intended to console her, yet it only served to twist the dagger stabbed in her back. ThornyRose sighed, another crazy parent that would use 'sturdy' to refer to his daughter. She turned and looked at Ye Cang who was pondering something with a very serious expression. "What are you thinking of?"

"Ways to improve my recipe..." Ye Cang replied seriously.

"......"
