---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 230"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

**Chapter 230: Initial Assessment**

After chatting and talking about tomorrow's plans, everyone returned to their tents to rest. Lin Le shared one with Little Ye Tian. Zhang ZhengXiong with Ye Cang. The Qin couple took one. Frozen Cloud, FrozenBlood, and ThornyRose, the three women shared a large one.

"Don't forget to log into the virtual world later. You guys need to test and get use to your new characters, then we can come up with some tactics." ThronyRose reminded Ye Cang and the others.

Thorns and Roses club, in the training hall.

Ye Cang changed into the Blade Demoness, of course, becoming a male version, but it didn't actually change much. He had long white hair. On each side of his waist was 3 swords of various lengths, and on his back was a slender dagger. He looked over his skills. His 3 main skills were: Blade Frenzy (Rapid attacks while changing weapons), Piercing Edge (Long distance assassination skill), as well as Runaway Blade (Large increase in movement and attack speed). His 2 ultimates were: Lightning Speed Slash and Feast - Burial Blade.

Zhang ZhengXiong was pretty satisfied with the Fist Hero. Just looking at the introduction, it was clearly stronger than last time's Street Fighter. It was also ranked much higher. 

Lin Le's looked at his Giant Blade Warrior and nodded. Covered in heavy armor, holding an enormous cleaver, he snorted imposingly.

After testing Ye Cang on the Blade Demoness and Zhang ZhengXiong on the Fist Hero, ThornyRose was very satisfied. They were even better than she had expected! The A level bots weren't their match, even the S level bots weren't difficult. As for SS level ones, ThornyRose didn't test them, because those able to pass SS level were only those abnormal super-stars, and even they might not pass every time. Among the SS level bots were some particularly problematic ones that even FlameEmperor had trouble with. She didn't want to dampen their enthusiasm, after all, they were still new to virtual gaming. To be able to pass the S level test already put them among the best which any club would fight over.

It was now Lin Le's turn. Ye Cang had dazzled everyone with his constant drawing of the various swords at his waist as well as the dagger on her back. Although it looked like he was doing it easily, there were really too many weapons, making it somewhat annoying, but if he switched weapons, his passive would give him a increased attack speed, so he couldn't not do it. ThornyRose also knew that Ye Cang's character was quite troublesome. To be able to quickly switch weapons took a lot of practice. The faster you were, the stronger you would be! This was the reason this character couldn't reach the peak of S rank. However, it wasn't bad as the eternal benchwarmer, like a neglected concubine, the Giant Blade Warrior. As for Shaking Bear, truth be told, he was able to use the character even better than its creator. He showed off his fearlessness and his ferociousness, making those standing in front of him feel as if they'd be shredded apart. Shaking Bear, that guy... she was glad she had invited them to the club. Aside from experience, these guys were all upcoming superstars! As for if they could really become as strong as the abnormal superstars, that wasn't something she had the ability to judge. Naturally, she and FrozenBlood weren't planning to lose to them!

ElegantFragrance watched the as the Giant Blade Warrior walked into the arena, and pouted. "Are you sure you want to let this cumbersome character be part of our lineup? Just let this Lele use the Bomber and he can probably compete at an S rank level. We'll reserve him as a hidden card."

"Let's see first. Actually, when I was buying this character, I hesitated a lot. I don't know why, but I bought it in the end. For some reason, I had this image of Lele in my mind whining to me 'Buy it for me. Buy it for me. They dare bully me, I'll chop them to death...'" ThornyRose's words made FrozenBlood and FrozenCloud look at at her funny. She must have been hallucinating.

FrozenCloud faintly smiled. Those were words Lele had spoken in a fight against CloudDragon's group. Actually FrozenCloud never realised that in the virtual world, Lele was actually above her. Although she wouldn't admit it, it was the truth. He would always show up with these mysterious abilities which were popping out like flies. If she were to fight him, perhaps she would end up like DemonSpirit or GreenDew, magically killed by him without even knowing what happened. The three of them were three completely different types. Team Leader was omnipotent. Truly omnipotent. His speed and technique made others have no choice but to be shocked. Even if it wasn't the Sword Demoness, but a mage, he could probably still turn it into a supreme speedy mage. Shaking Bear had a much more showy style, using a much more straightforward approach of pure force and skill. As for Lele, the stronger the character you gave him, the more he can come up with a wierd methods. A super unstable element that broke all conventions. 

The following minutes made ElegantFragrance and ThornyRose both dumbstruck. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong's performance were already shocking, but Lele actually used the Giant Blade Warrior to pass the S level test!! And not just pass it, but cleared it in only 2 minutes. He managed to use his ult, Giant Strike, to hit three of them. It was so unbelievable that it actually appeared fake. It looked almost like the 3 low-health enemies had ran in to die, but upon further inspection it wasn't just a fluke. Lin Le had attacked from outside their field of vision, and their teleport abilities were on cooldown. Everyone thought that Lele, who was down to only 1/3rd of his health, was done for. No one thought that he would make such a comeback. The remaining shield fighter and grappler were suppressed by his passive that restored his health and increase his speed when he kills an enemy. He completely steamrolled them. With his speed increased, the Giant Blade Warrior could be said to be the federation's most abnormal S rank character. Any character with SS level attack would be top quality. 

ThornyRose smiled bitterly. This character was hard to make plans around, but she still had to give him a spot, however unstable he might be. In the end, they performed some other tests. Finally they got the results of the evaluation. It wasn't guaranteed to be completely accurate, nor was it comprehensive. It was only a base evaluation which tested for control, reaction, agility, as well as some predictions. However, it was still important. It could be considered a rational evaluation of their strength. Their results were not low. ThornyRose and the others could only sigh when they saw it, especially Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong's.

ID: PaleSnow

Affiliation: Thorns and Roses

Overall Evaluation: S+

Control: SS

Reflex: S+

Agility: SS

Suited For: High speed movement

ID: HeavenShakingMight

Affiliation: Thorns and Roses

Overall Evaluation: SS

Control: SS

Reflex: SS

Agility: SS

Suited For: Physical All Rounder

ID: HappyAndCheerful

Affiliation: Thorns and Roses

Overall Evaluation: A+

Control: S+

Reflex: A

Agility: A

Suited For: Heavy Firepower.

However, these tests could only see what the hardware is capable of detecting, it wasn't a true representation of their strength. VastSea was a model example. The test only evaluated him at an A-, which should have meant he could only sit on the bench and watch, yet in an actual fight, he was someone any club would rush to recruit, a superstar level athlete. Some things just couldn't be detected by a simple test...
