---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 231"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 231: Mr Qin's Teachings

ThornyRose filed away the three's results, and arranged the data. These were things that would come in useful if they ever moved to another club in the future. She was now looking forwards to the upcoming S level competition, though getting a spot in the great christmas war would still be difficult. There were too many strong players in their way. The 4 Great Guilds, Lord's Reign, Tyrants, Falling Star, and other first class squads. However, at least now they had the qualification to cross swords with them. 

FrozenBlood watched ThornyRose arranging the data excitedly, and patted her on the shoulder. "We're now qualified to compete for admission..."

"Mm..." ThornyRose nodded. It would be even better if they had one more person who could substitute. They still hadn't heard SpyingBlade's answer.

The next day.

Everyone set off to the seaside to fish. Ye Cang felt that the coast here was more calm than back at Lin Hai. It felt like the waves were gently caressing the shore. Of course, it wasn't as gorgeous and dazzling as Lin Hai's Sea of Stars. With a smile, he quietly waited for a fish to bite. Mr Qin watched Ye Cang fish without showing even a thread of impatience. Calm, composed, steady, and mature. The only faults were that expression that showed he was disillusioned with the world, that light and indifferent attitude, and that lack of drive. This kid looked like he didn't care about anything, but still gave others a trustworthy feeling. He then turned to look at Lin Le. *This young man... Eh? He's asleep, quite comfortably too.* What made him speechless though was that even while asleep, he could continue to catch fish, put them in the basket, then prepare a new bait and cast again. He even changed positioned to relieve his butt before continuing to fish. He's really not ordinary... in all sorts of ways. He then watched Zhang ZhengXiong grab a harpoon and jump into the sea. *Haha, that's right! How can someone with the name ZhengXiong<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> have the patience to fish. He looks like someone who likes to directly tackle their problems. A very pure nature.* "Your brother's talent is outstanding. Have you ever considered finding a master to give him some lessons?"

"That's up to him." Ye Cang shrugged. *I've already taught A'Xiong the things I know. It looks like Sir Qin wants to give him some pointers.* "Does sir want to?"

"He can become my youngest disciple." Mr Qin said.

"Alright, I'll accept on his behalf." Ye Cang nodded. Sir Qin was very strong, perhaps even a bit stronger than the elderly lord Qin. Even if A'Xiong unsealed his gene locks, he still wouldn't be a match. He might have to leave them one day, so wouldn't be able to protect them forever. If such a day came, they would have to depend on themselves. To plan a bit more beforehand was a good thing. The Qin family was powerful. He knew a bit about them. There was a saying in the capital: 'if not Li then Qin'. However, China's two strongest families were the capital's Li and the Imperial City's Ji.

Mr Qin didn't have any thoughts towards teaching Ye Cang. He didn't know why, but he had the feeling that there was nothing he could teach. However, that Zhang ZhengXiong's talent was not to be missed. That body and constitution were both the best. His comprehension also wasn't low.

Ye Cang called Zhang ZhengXiong back, and together with Mr Qin, they came to an open space.

"A'Xiong, Sir Qin wishes to take you as a disciple. I've agreed for you, alright?" Ye Cang said indifferently. Zhang ZhengXiong nodded since his brother had decided, but he was still puzzled. Why suddenly get a master now? It's true that this Sir Qin's strength was extraordinary, even he could feel it. It wasn't a feeling of danger, but rather an essence, as if everything was within his grasp.

"Youngest Disciple ZhengXiong, let's spar a little bit." Mr Qin smiled, then slowly took a single step forwards as if following some divine trigram. His two hands lightly traced out a yin yang symbol.

Ye Cang indicated that Zhang ZhengXiong could undo the 2nd gene lock. When Zhang ZhengXiong was ready, he directly undid the 2nd gene lock, and his body expanded becoming 3 meters tall. His two arms looked as solid as rocks, and he was emitting a terrifying bestial aura.

"Oh, a body strengthening esper..." Mr Qin nodded, pleased. Zhang ZhengXiong was going to charge over, but was surprised to discover that Mr Qin was suddenly in front of him. His enormous arm immediately smashed forwards.

"Not bad. Simple and fast! Effective!" Mr Qin laughed. *This genius is still a diamond in the rough! Ye Cang taught him pretty well! He has a solid foundation while not being restricted by any martial arts, just pure fundamental training! To be able to have such strength with only the fundamentals!* He reached out and easily created two trigram; a black trigram in one hand, and a white trigram in the other. Zhang ZhengXiong didn't even have time to understand what was happening before his body felt weak, as if he had just been struck, but he didn't feel anything hitting him.

"Power destruction and shifting force?" Ye Cang raised his brows and watched as Zhang ZhengXiong stood there, powerless, as if his head was in the clouds. He had been dealt with in an instant.

"Oh, Uncle Qin instantly destroyed Brother Xiong's somatosensory balance, mental balance, physical balance, and energy balance. It could be said that Brother Xiong's lost to his own force." Little Ye Tian also came over and observed.

Mr Qin looked at Little Ye Tian, amazed. *That little girl could see through my move with a single glance!? However, her analysis is just the physics, as expected of a child prodigy.*

Lin Le yawned, and began to imitate it like a child imitating something cool he had seen. His movements were exactly the same, only missing the strength behind it.

Mr Qin began laughing out loud. He had actually made an error in judgement. These guys were all geniuses! This Lin Le must have some kind of savant syndrome! He looks foolish, but is actually immensely gifted in certain fields. "Ok! Ok! Son-in-law! How about I take both of them!?"

"Lele can learn too!?" Lin Le said in high spirit.

Ye Cang hesitated. Lele's constitution wasn't like A'Xiong's. Before they were close, he had almost been killed by somebody, and Ye Cang had injected the last of his blood serum into him. Unlike A'Xiong, except for increasing his natural healing ability, there weren't any other changes. It's not like it was rejected. It was more like throwing a stone into the sea. The one he was worried about most was Lele, but he still nodded.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Xiong = Male / Mighty / Powerful / Imposing
