---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 232"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 232: Combat Test Round 2

In front of Mr Qin, Zhang ZhengXiong felt, for the first time, as helpless as a child. He couldn't resist at all. If he tried to do anything, he would just collapse without warning, unable to even understand what was happening. If there was a difference in strength or something, he could accept it, but to lose in such a unfathomable way, without being able to retaliate, to collapse just like that, he could only looked at Mr Qin blankly. He knew he himself was dependent on brute strength, but he still had some technique, so why was this happening? He couldn't do anything, he couldn't even touch one of his hairs. He felt helpless, as if he had been dumped in the trash. For the first time in his life, he was panic-stricken in a fight.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at Ye Cang. Ye Cang just smiled back at him. *A'Xiong, you still need to train more.* "Formally accept him as master..."

Zhang ZhengXiong looked towards Mr Qin. He didn't know how he had lost. He only knew that his body would suddenly not feel like his own, as if he were falling apart.

Mr Qin accepted both Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le as his youngest disciples, then sent them a lot of data. "Since you're both my disciples, I won't treat you as outsiders. A'Xiong, Lele, properly read through these things that master is giving you. If you don't understand, you can call me. To learn the Yin Yang Divine Trigram, you need this foundation. It's the most important step."

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le received the data. The densely packed words and diagrams made them broth break out in cold sweat. Once they learn these, they could probably scam some old people with that divination whatever it was called...

Contrary to what one might expect, Lin Le had a serious look on his face. He read through it while nodding as if he was being enlightened again and again. However, not long later, his little snoring sounds could be heard.

Mr Qin brought Ye Cang to the side. The two of them came to a quiet area with no people.

"You're hiding your strength deeply. To be able to train ZhengXiong to that point, makes one wonder if the strength you showed at the capital was fake. Let's spar, you and me. Show me a bit of your true power." Mr Qin said with a smile.

"It's nothing, you overestimate me! Sir, don't expect too much. Here I come! Lightning Plasma (Raitoningu Purazuma)<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>!" Ye Cang feigned modesty, then suddenly attacked fiercely. Mr Qin broke out in cold sweat. *F\*\*k! That old man was right, this kid is evil!* He quickly moved to defend. Countless rays of light shot towards him. He was shooting qi! The qi in every fist would explode, shooting out chaotically, like the shrapnel of a hand grenade. Countless 'pieces of shrapnel' in the form of light interweaved, forming an attack that covered the entire area. Mr Qin's hands moved slowly, as if to block it, but not a single strand of light reached him. His feet moved, "Small Trigram, Cycle of Heaven and Earth! Revolving Spirit Steps!"

The trigram under Mr Qin's foot rotated, then suddenly changed directions, sucking all the strands of light in and shattering them, leaving only a large hole in the ground. Ye Cang was like a bolt of white lightning as he ran out of range of the move. He now stood calmly in the distance.

"Sir is truly matchless, this one concedes. Oh right, remember to pay the fine..." Ye Cang cupped his fist and said with a smile, then looked at the surrounding mess. 

"You..." Mr Qin was depressed. *That kid's strength just now was considerably strong. To have such strength at his age, becoming a master is only a matter of time. Let's test him again. Flash step!* With a single step, he suddenly appeared in front of Ye Cang, and saw his not at all surprised expression. There wasn't any sign of panic, which made him feel a bit of fear in his heart. This kid was stable to the point where it was unimaginable. A black fire symbol and a white lightning symbol appeared over Mr Qin's hands. Lightning and fire interweaved, "Rising Fire, Ringing Thunder! Black Fire - White Thunder!"

Boom~! The fire and lightning exploded.

My Qin only sighed. *That kid ran again. He's like a lightning loach.* "Son-in-law, let me hit you once!"

"Do you think I'm an idiot?" Ye Cang spat out.

Mr Qin gave up. The two of them chatted and laughed as they returned to the camp. ThornyRose had just sensed the distant ripples of energy. It was her father's Revolving Spirit Steps. She also knew a bit, but wasn't very strong. Her grandfather once told her that this move could reduce an area tens of kilometers wide into rubble.

When ThornyRose learned that her father had accepted Shaking Bear and Lele as his disciples, she made a grotesque expression. She recalled what her father had said. Lele was a martial arts genius? For real...? When she saw Lele's super imitation ability, she was stunned. Whatever movements her father made, he could perfectly imitate them and make them his own. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, even her father had to admit that whether it be talent or comprehension, he was a genius. He learned extremely quickly! His only problem was his understanding of the yin yang trigrams. This was something that required time to slowly learn and incorporate. It couldn't be rushed, the more one rushed, the longer it would take to properly learn.

Soon, a few days passed. Ye Cang, ThornyRose, FrozenCloud, FrozenBlood, and Mrs Qin played around all over the island, while Mr Qin continued to guide the two by the shore from time to time as he fished. Within these short few days, FrozenBlood and FrozenCloud had become quite familiar with Ye Cang and them, dropping any formalities.

The fifth day, they had to go home. Ye Cang repeatedly invited everyone to come visit Lin Hai so that he could cook for them.

Mr Qin, Mrs Qin, and ThornyRose left for the capital without looking back, pretending not to hear anything.

"Really... they don't have to be so courteous..." Ye Cang looked at everyone's back and sighed.

The other three quickly shook their heads. *You're overthinking it. They aren't be courteous, they were scared away when they heard you were going to cook.*

"Everything about future-son-in-law is fine, it's just that desire to personally cook. Hah~ He means well, but..." Mrs Qin sighed deeply.

"Nobody is perfect. Watching him make that thing with such a confident smile, it really makes one shiver..." Mr Qin nodded.

To the side, ThornyRose and the three girls all had odd expressions. *You haven't even eaten the biological weapons he makes in the game. It can not only poison a boss to death, it can even be used to poison a weapon.* Thinking up to there, the three girls covered their mouths, their faces becoming pale, feeling the urge to throw up.

Meanwhile, back at their seaside cottage, they received a message from the school. In the afternoon, the second combat test would be taking place. Everyone prepared their things. With Ye Cang's sneer and Wu Na's sigh, they left for the train station.

The Combat Testing grounds was north of Lin hai. Behind it was mountains, forests, all part of Lin Hai's ecology conservation. It occupied a vast area.

They reported to the Command Center, then changed into camouflage clothing in the locker room. Wearing their protective equipment and holding their training weapons, they looked taller than usual. To Lin Le, the combat test wasn't any different than going out to play paintball. It was just a form of entertainment.

The other teams looked at Ye Cang's team, whose height made them look like a set of stairs. The big one was as big as a bear, and the short one was like a little girl. They were also confused as to why there was a little girl participating in the test. They all became vigilant. This was the legendary team T-105. In the first round, they had stripped the instructors and used them as traps. Even the rescue team had lost tens of people in order to save instructor Wang and the others.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaU_UOI8xB0"> Lightning Plasma </a>
