---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 234"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, Brass"
---

### Chapter 234: Their Little Store

"Save me!! " A team entered the cave and saw a giant mouse. The mouse had 5 people tied to it and it's ass was on fire, making it run around the room frantically. The poor victims had all been stripped. Seeing it, the team's heart-rate spiked. At this moment, while they were feeling relieved that it wasn't them, a hand pressed down on one of their shoulders. The five of them turned and saw Zhang ZhengXiong's kind smile. A shiver traveled down their spines and they began to sweat profusely as they weakly said, "Umm... We're just passing through..."

...

In the tunnel, there were now two teams tied to two giant mice, screaming for help.

"The instructor going to the tunnel in section R31, be careful! Team T-105 is there! Remove all explosives before going in!" Li LiJia's commanded. Those two teams tied to giant mice were definitely because of them! What did they think the combat test is?

To Ye Cang, it was an event where they could legally cause chaos and destruction. Zhang ZhengXiong was aware that it was some kind of test. Lin Le thought it was like an enhanced version of paintball. As for Little Ye Tian, she never cared...

...

"Call the headquarters! There are already 5 teams tied to giant mice! Not good! It's a trap! Aaah!!"

Li LiJia could still hear through the communication device that hadn't hung up.

"These three instructors don't have much equipment..."

"They probably left it outside."

"Let's go. We'll look in the direction they came."

"Then what about them?"

"Let the rescue team save them, or we can split up."

"Brother Lil'White, on our way here, I saw a place with a Sky Bird (An enormous bird type mutant. Docile). Let's catch a team so we can lure in two instructors and fly them like kites."

"Lele, nice. So creative."

The call finally cut off. Li LiJia broke out in cold sweat. Zhou XiaoZhi was frozen stiff. These guys are insane!

...

"This is Rescue Team 6, we've discovered students and instructors tied to a Sky Bird without their equipment!! We're moving in to save them now that it has landed in its nest! Aaaah!!"

There were sounds of chaos before it cut off.

"We've discovered the human raft mines from last time in KunLiu river. It seems like there are many..." Zhou XiaoZhi said pointing to a screen. "Save them?"

"Do we have a choice?" Li LiJia smiled bitterly.

...

G21 Mountain Region.

"Our elite team has already taken down 6 other teams. We'll probably be number one this time. We might even become candidates for the five schools competition..." A short haired athletic man said as he tore of another team's marker.

"Shh, there's some activity!" A blonde foreign girl called down from a big tree. She used her binoculars to look around.

"Hide!!" The five of them quickly hid in a bush. A strange looking team entered their sights. It was Ye Cang's team.

"Brother Lil'White, I'm hungry." Lin Le said, walking in the very front.

"Alright, let's just go deal with the command center, then we can go to old Wang's and feast." Ye Cang smiled.

"OK..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, carrying a big plastic EMP bomb on his shoulder. Their plan was to leave the command center paralyzed for a month, according to Ye Tian's calculations.

The hidden team saw the instructor and rescue team equipment that this group was carrying, and shivered. How many instructors and rescue personnel did they need to attack to amass so many? This must be the legendary team T-105. They thought it was just a wild rumor, but they had no choice but to believe after seeing the sight infront of them.

Ye Cang looked towards the bushes and smiled, "Friends over there, do you have food!? We've played enough for today, so we won't do anything. Just give us some food and drinks and whatever!"

Having been discovered, the young man, who was their leader, got up and walked out. "I have some chocolate and jerky."

The rest of them also took out some stuff, not daring to act against Ye Cang's team. Just looking at the pile of instructor and rescue personnel equipment made them tremble. Ye Cang thanked them, and then stored it all into Lin Le's bag. He then took out some extra electric grenades as well as some rescue personnel equipment. "Thanks! You can use these to play with the others. It's better than the stuff they gave us..."

The short-haired athletic man's team quickly took all the things Ye Cang gave them, and watched with reverence as they disappeared into the sunset while eating and drinking. "As expected of the legendary team T-105."

"I think I heard something about them going to deal with the command center..." The blond haired woman said as she put away their new equipment. These were killer weapons! If used well, it could easily take out an entire team.

"It's not something we can understand..." A ponytailed girl said.

"Let's go. We'll find a few teams to practice on." Another member said excitedly while looking at their newly obtained instructor level equipment.

...

"Bro, I have an idea. We can trade away all the equipment we don't need for food or money like just now. It's better than wasting it." Zhang ZhengXiong said.

Ye Cang nodded, "Not bad, there's a team over there. Let's go! If they don't buy, we'll make them regret it."

Ye Cang's combat test mobile store was now open for business.

...

When Li LiJia received the news, her smile became even more stiff. "Those guys are actually selling the equipment they stole from the instructors and rescue personnel? Now we have to be careful of the others too. There are already over 10 teams armed with instructor level equipment."

"Every team that met them bought it?" Zhou XiaoZhi frowned.

Li LiJia nodded, showing him an image of the banner Lin Le was waving around. "Buy or else."

The command center's alarms suddenly began going off. Li LiJia's and Zhou XiaoZhi's hearts trembled. Could it be!? They fiddled with the controls but had lost control of all the monitors! All the monitors showed a clip of Little Ye Tian laughing and saying, "I~ Got~ You!"

Li LiJia's felt some fear in her heart. They came so fast! "Not good! They've infiltrated!!"

The doors suddenly opened, and Zhang ZhengXiong walked in. The tens of personnel on the way had been taken care of. The two head instructors watched as the four proceeded while ignoring them.

"Lele, go set the plastic explosives in that corner. Little Tian, go help him. I'll ready the remote detonator. A'Xiong, you go hold those two back." Ye Cang commanded indifferently, dividing the work.

"Zhang ZhengXiong! Ye Tian, Lin Le, Ye Cang! Don't push it!" Li LiJia shouted. The bombs were designed to not be lethal, their purpose was to create a pulse which would render the targets unconscious. However, to put so many together, the resulting shock could cause the command center to be out of commision for tens of days!

Lin Le and Little Ye Tian hummed a song as they got to work. Ye Cang took out a remote and began to adjust it. When Li LiJia had spoken, he merely looked up, then continued to fiddle with the remote, completely ignoring her.

Zhang ZhengXiong faintly smiled. He began walking towards Zhou XiaoZhi and Li LiJia, directly releasing his first gene lock. His muscles bulged and his body expanded, making him look like a berserker. He stepped forwards lightly, feet moving in a trigram pattern, and his two hands traced a yin yang symbol. Such gentle movements with such a berserk body left the two instructors speechless.

Zhou XiaoZhi and Li LiJia were both alarmed. It's the Qin family's Yin Yang Trigram Technique! He's a disciple of the Qin family!? They exchanged a glance and Zhou XiaoZhi charged forwards. His divine eagle fist struck as fast as wind at the 3 meter tall muscle giant. As he moved to attack, he shouted, "I'll stall him! You go stop the others! We can't let them succeed!"
