---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 236"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: ""Umair Ahmed
---

**Chapter 236: My Chaotic Youth Romantic Comedy is Wrong as I Expected**

That night, in Lin Hai's, Songyang Coast. Inside a little seaside cottage.

The five of them were lounging on the sofa and watching TV. Summer weather was fickle, and it was currently storming outside.

"According to the students who were present during the combat test, there was a group, namely the controversial team T-105, who once again attacked the instructors and caused wanton destruction. They even sold the instructors equipment to the other teams. Those who didn't comply were tied to giant mice or sky birds, becoming human/animal traps, bringing about a nightmarish mission for the rescue teams. The damage they caused was disastrous, and their methods vile. Many victims are demanding punishment..." The eastern district student news.

"The 2nd combat test came to a bizarre end, along with the start of a certain upstart team's rise to fame, team T-105! Their indiscriminate destruction, strange behavior, and formidable strength has garnered them quite the popularity, even gaining their own fan group. Their fans are calling them the Heaven Slaying Four. Let's take a look at the team's members. Their leader, the White Asura - Ye Cang. You're not mistaken, it's this white haired, white browed, pink pupiled, strange looking guy who makes all the tactical decisions. Good at making all kinds of inhumane traps! The ringleader that caused the destruction of the entire command centers. Next, The King of Bad Ideas - Lin Le. Don't just look at his height, many of team T-105's insane ideas all came from the mind that lays under that ahoge. Instructor Wang himself puts him 2nd in his kill list. Of course, Ye Cang, who turned him into a human trap is 1st. Lin Le's specialties are long distance provoking and making any situation worse. The Genius Girl - Ye Tian. Ye Cang's younger sister. Physiologically 11 years old, with an IQ of 200+. History's youngest researcher, and acts as the team's intelligence. Her presence brought about a qualitative change to team T-105. Last, but not least, The Human Shaped Gundam - Zhang ZhengXiong. The team's sole fighting strength, east districts superthug, and first place in the exchange meet. This was all the information Lin Hai's gossip channel managed to gather. We'll keep you up to date with the latest information."

Zhang ShaoFeng facepalmed. Most of the news was about Ye Cang's group and how they paralyzed the command center. Information was being leaked left and right. The TV was now showing clips of students screaming for help while tied to giant mice, and the rescue team working while being vigilant.

"My god, this team T-105 is too damn brave. They're my idols."

"Haha, isn't that Li WenTian from our class who's always looking down on everyone, treating us normal students like trash? Serves him right. Well done team T-105!"

"Ah! That little girl in camouflage clothing is so cute! I want a little sister like that too!"

"They were not only allowed to skip the future tests, they were even banned from signing up again. This event must be driving the third administration building mad."

"Hmph, just some vulgar sh\*t to please the crows."

"You can't even do any of that vulgar sh\*t so don't complain. If you have the courage, then we don't even need T-105 to step in. Let you and me fight it out!"

The east district forums were on fire. Meanwhile, Ye Cang's group was in their cottage, sitting calmly. 

"Bro, we're famous." Zhang ZhengXiong flipped through the channels. All of them were talking about their team.

"Mm... Lele, what are you drawing?" Ye Cang said with a yawn, a lazy tear formed in the corner of his eye. He looked at Lin Le, who was using crayon to draw something, his ahoge swinging back and forth.

"Practicing my signature..." Lin Le said, his lips pouting from concentrating. Wu Na watched speechless. *God damn, even these guys are famous! Hah, looks like I can only be a no name artist.* She thought, laden with grief.

"Brother Lil'White, 'My Chaotic Youth Romantic Comedy is Wrong as I Expected' is starting!!" Lin Le's incredibly accurate biological soap opera alarm went off.

Ye Cang changed the channel.

"Last Time. A'Duo discovered that A'Dao's reason for approaching her was actually to get close to her mother, A'Jiao. It's already too late for A'Duo to pull out. What should she do? Meanwhile, A'Suo had been ditched by A'Xiang, who had suddenly won the lottery, causing her to fall into prostitution. A'Xiang met A'Duo, and has been pursuing her relentlessly. However, a sudden disaster changed everything. The outbreak of the 'T virus' changed the world into a place where zombies run rampant. What will they do?"

Wu Na felt like she had been shot in the head after listening to that. She remembered they advertised this show as a story about some college student's blood and tears, and had character with the exact same names as in Sisters... But god dammit! Just cause they didn't know what to write, they turned it into some zombie show. She sighed deeply, and decided to give it a shot. The more she saw, the more she wanted to die. A'Suo had seen A'Xiang, and began chasing that heartless rat. She somehow, miraculously took out three zombies during the chase. Gore was gore, but she had stabbed through their chest with her bare hands, pulling out their intestines and whatnot. Looking at everyone else, who were completely focused on the show, she covered her forehead and laughed bitterly. She endured the urge to smash the TV as she watched to the end. When the preview began, she couldn't take it anymore. "F\*\*king writer!"

When the characters were about to give up hope, a beam of light had descended, creating even more chaos. A hundred meter tall wall rose. Fight! Fight! How can humans be trapped in a cage like animals! Endure the attack of the titans! Hundred meter tall titans appeared, the wall was broken through. A'Duo watched as her beloved mother, A'Jiao, died protecting her. Determined to be with A'Xiang, A'Suo joined the scout regiment. A'Duo and A'Dao exchanged a hateful glance. "We must definitely drive every last one of them out!!"

"I want to see how titans have XXX..." A'Xiang said with a smile.

Under the sun, two people exchanged a high five.

Clap~

"Oh my god. Here I was thinking that it would just be some dumb drama. Who knew it was such a good sci-fi action..." Zhang ZhengXiong murmured.

"The production costs must be high. It's a good work..." Little Ye Tian said approvingly, with her arms crossed.

"A'Jiao... Waaah, A'Jiao..." Lin Le was wiping tears.

"I heard that the cast will be coming to Lin Hai for some publicity. Let's go get their signatures." Ye Cang was also somewhat moved.

"I want to get A'Suo's signature!" Zhang ZhengXiong said with a smile.

"A'Xiang!" Little Ye Tian also rejoiced.

"A'Jiao, A'Duo, I want them both." Lin Le became excited.

"I'll go write music..." Wu Na said, then staggered up the stairs with a hand on her forehead. She didn't understand their world at all.

---

TN: Just... wtf...
