---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 237"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: The crazy drama has been renamed to 'My Chaotic Youth Romantic Comedy is Wrong as I Expected'.

---

**Chapter 237: Callor Hills**

Entering back in the game, Ye Cang’s performance in the beginner village received an S evaluation, which filled about 50% of his experience bar and gave him some Black Rock City prestige. It was at least better than nothing.

Ye Cang had already set up their general store, naming it Happy Firmament. With Rica’s help, he swapped out all his old cooking pots with new high quality ones, before bringing everyone to leave through the city’s east gate.

Black Rock City was situated on a hill. Outside the east gate, there was a downward winding stone path. Occasionally, there would be some poor and lowly goblins, hogs, etc. If it was a normal player, perhaps they would need 2 or 3 people to take care of one enemy, but to Ye Cang’s party, they couldn’t even count to 2 before the fight was over.

At the bottom of the mountain, for as far as the eye could see, were scattered farmlands with pumpkins and corn mazes. In the distance, on the far left, was Ayikos trail with it’s emerald green shrubbery. Ye Cang took out the mission paper, and everyone looked over it carefully. A large unknown animal has been attacking peasant’s on Ayikos trail. Investigate, and eradicate the threat if possible. What confused Ye Cang was that the trail was a mere two hours away from the city, so why didn’t the guards deal with it?

“Deploying the guards or paladins costs much more than the adventurer’s guild. The other societies currently don’t have many trainees, due to the low amount of players who’ve advance to the 2nd city, so they feel it is beneath them and don’t attach any importance to these simple tasks. These missions are usually left to the adventurer’s guild anyways.” Little Ye Tian said calmly.

“Well said, I was thinking the same thing.” Lin Le nodded.

“In other words, we just need to go to the trail and look everywhere.” FrozenCloud said. She noticed that Little Ye Tian had been analyzing the area, even as they spoke, in order to perfect her map. She couldn’t help sighing in admiration. She was truly the best all purpose gaming helper.

“The trail is still quite large, so let’s split up to investigate. If you notice anything, contact everyone immediately. Everyone, keep in touch.” Ye Cang said, deciding to divide and conquer. They entered the trail, each selecting a different direction, dividing into the wilderness, or farmlands, or side paths.

Ye Cang hopped over a fence and arrived at a pumpkin patch. Looking at the messy pumpkin patch, it seems this beast didn’t only attack people, as clearly many pumpkins were missing, and it was obviously not done by humans, because the remaining vines were destroyed. The farm was extremely messy, and huge half meter large footprints could be seen. The footprints appeared to be from some feline creature, but a cat that ate pumpkins? Looking through the nearby empty house, he didn’t find any bloodstains. He decided to call Ye Tian over. While waiting 10 odd minutes, he took care of a few emerald green slimes who had tried to sneak over to eat the unripe pumpkins. These were clearly stronger versions of the green slime. He was able to collect some emerald green slime gel, emerald green slime acid, and eyeballs.

Little Ye Tian arrived and took note of the footprint. She squatted down, examining it in detail, poking the dirt with her little hand. Her mind rapidly calculated the soil’s density and used it to visualize the form of the beast. “Father, this beast, when standing, is probably between 7-9 meters tall, and it left to the southwest...” She then stood up and went to the small house. Looking around, she speculated, “The house is fairly clean, the wardrobe is empty, and a fair bit of food is missing from the kitchen. They probably received a warning about the beast and returned to Black Rock City.”

“Southwest huh?” Ye Cang narrowed his eyes in that direction. In the distance was a set of barren hills. The terrain appeared exceptionally complex, even Little Ye Tian payed attention to it. “That should be the Callor hills area, a desolate area which is southwest of Ayikos trail. It use to be a magic crystal mine until it was abandoned. Father, there are more clues over by Lil’Dino. Let’s go take a look.”

Ye Cang nodded, and together with Little Ye Tian, they arrived at the dairy farm FrozenCloud was investigating. There was an obvious bloodstain. The farm owner saw Ye Cang’s group, and raised his rake defensively. When he learned they were from the adventurer’s guild, his attitude became much better. They learned that this farm owner called Bob had just returned from a visit to White Stone City, and saw that all his farm hands missing. Sensing the danger, he was just about to bring the remaining cows to Black Rock City to lie low until things settled down. “This year’s harvest was already bad, yet to get so unlucky again. Hah~ I’ll leave it to you adventurers...”

The three watched as Bob return to his house. Little Ye Tian examined the clues, and pointed again at the southwest Callor Hills. Gathering the remaining members of their party, they set out to the Callor Hills area.

“An omnivorous feline creature. When standing, reaches about 7-9 meters tall. Since it’s a feline, it shouldn’t be slow. Moreover, Callor Hills use to be a small scale magic crystal mine. Due to overmining, as well as the steel empires recent aggression, neither Black Rock City nor White Stone City can afford to spare the manpower needed to look over this area, leading to Callor Hills becoming abandoned. In short, the mine is still there, so if nothing unexpected happens, the beast must be in the mine or one of the caves.” Little Ye Tian explained her very thorough analysis.

*If it’s a mine type map that hasn’t been exploited by the players yet, then there will be some quality ores, jewels, and hidden treasures.* FrozenCloud thought to herself as they walked, but she didn’t dare say it out loud. If their team leader found out, his eyes would turn red with greed. A red eyed team leader was exceptionally terrifying.

Ye Cang noticed the occasional traveller, and had Lin Le summon his cart, becoming travelling merchants. The fishmen meat and werewolf meat sold well, because it was a rarity in the area. When Ye Cang tried to sell the bones, the travellers looked at him and shivered. Soon, Ye Cang decided to expand their travelling merchant business by adding a foods and drinks service, offering to cook for the travelling NPCs, but his party dissuaded him at all costs. FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. If that were to happen, who knew how many NPCs would die in their hands.

On their way, any herbs, mushrooms, and vegetables were plucked clean by Ye Cang. This made FrozenCloud sigh. If team leader wasn’t a professional gamer, he would do pretty well as a gathering type player. He would always diligently gather everything, and his ability to pluck an area clean was indisputable. 

“I’m planning to use the bones, as well as some mushrooms, and emerald green slime gel to make a new soup. Don’t worry, I won’t forget your share...” Ye Cang said with a smile.
