---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 238"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 238: Lime Slime**

FrozenCloud was speechless, and her scalp tingled. *If possible, I wish you’d forget my portion. Just forget me...* She turned and saw the other three’s peculiar expressions, as if they were fighting with their inner demon. Under the orange glow of sunset, she looked towards her fellow handcart showgirl, Little Tian, and made a relieved smile.

The road to the mine was pathed in stone. Many weeds grew between the tiles. There was also a small streamlet which trickled towards the southeast.

Soon they were walking uphill. They could see some old fashioned plank walkways, as well as some scattered minecart rail. The occasional creature were just some grey colored stone slimes, which were very resistant against physical attacks. Zhang ZhengXiong looked at those silly looking rock slimes with a grotesque expression. “Just how many kinds of slimes are there?”

“I’ve looked through the church’s books. There was one that said there are currently 300 known varieties of slimes. This is one that appears in rocky areas called Lime Slime. They don’t have much attack power, and enjoying eating rocks, converting them into lime. However… don’t use water...” Before Little Ye Tian could finish speaking, Ye Cang’s tidal wave was already crashing into them.

When the water engulfed the four slimes, they began to steam as if boiling. The originally foolish looking lime slimes looked as if they’d been injected with chicken blood, their two eyes filled with violent rage. Their bodies suddenly doubled in size and their mouths emitted steam as they looked towards the party.

“.....” Everyone looked at the 3 meter large, steaming slimes.

“Little Tian, say it sooner next time...” Ye Cang also felt like these things were not to be trifled with.

“It’s you who acted too soon!!” FrozenCloud screamed, dumbfounded.

“I got it, father...” Little Ye Tian nodded obediently.

“Dodge!” Zhang ZhengXiong saw the 4 slimes form into 4 steaming balls that began rolling down the hill. Lin Le leapt, landing on a old wooden walkway. Ye Cang melded into the shadow, appearing beside Lin Le out of his shadow. His bone longbow performed a Triple Shot, shooting multiple arrows over.

“The creature has resisted your poison...”

Ye Cang received the message. It not only resisted the poison, the attack only did a measly 10 damage. Such high defence.

Zhang ZhengXiong’s Barbaric Tackle forcefully blocked one of them. FrozenCloud attacked with a wolverine strike, then began to combo with her Qi. Her brows furrowed at how disgusting these creatures were. Not to mention the abysmal damage they were dealing, just being near the steam emitting off them would cause damage. Thankfully, it didn’t drain that much health at just around 2 per second.

“Don’t hit Lime Slimes with heavy attacks after they have been exposed to water! Otherwise...” Little Ye Tian said while running for cover.

Lin Le was already leaping down and summoning his handcart. He directly smashed three slimes with handcart homerun, but the moment they were hit. Boom~

The room was filled with an enormous explosion.

“They’ll… explode.” Little Ye Tian watched as a figure was sent flying out of the white steam, making a beautiful arc above her head, and landing near her with his neck bent at an odd angle.

Zhang ZhengXiong heard the warning and was planning on retreating, but the slime near him also exploded, however, he and FrozenCloud were only sent flying away after losing half their health, with no other problems.

“This thing is f\*\*king annoying.” Zhang ZhengXiong said with a stiff smile. Creatures that can self-destruct were known as the worst enemies.

“Resurrect Lele.” Ye Cang said as he leapt down from the walkway, then looted one of the withered remains. There was absolutely nothing. He then harvested the still steaming remains and received Lime Slime Gel and Raw Lime.

“Actually, these slimes will be simple next time. If there are a lot of them, we’ll just gather them up, get them wet, then blow one up from afar and cause a chain reaction. This makes them pretty easy to farm for experience and get some loot from. Raw Lime can be used by both alchemists and engineers.” Little Ye Tian had discovered these slime’s mortal weakness during the last battle.

Lin Le crawled up. The first thing he did was torture Little Ye Tian’s face. “Giving late advice. You made Lele die… Bad Little Tian… Smelly Little Tian...”

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. Strictly speaking, the root of all evil was team leader.

“Little Tian’s plan is pretty good. We can try it out next time. I’ll be responsible for it.” Ye Cang said, petting Little Ye Tian’s head. FrozenCloud looked at Little Ye Tian who was happily being praised and pet by Ye Cang, exposing a cute smile, while also having her face tortured by Lele. She suddenly had the thought that being a little sister like Little Tian wasn’t easy.

“Everyone first get on the plank walkways and make our way into the mine. However, before that, let’s heal up.” Ye Cang said, pointing to the wooden walkway he was on before.

The other four sighed. It’s happening.

“This time, I’ll let you all be the first to try my deep frying technique.” Ye Cang said, filling a big pot with oil, waiting for it to heat up. “This pot of oil alone costs tens of silver.”

“Brother Lil’White, what level is Little Ration?” Lin Le asked, looking at the peacefully sleeping kaakoo bug soldier on Ye Cang’s shoulder - Emergency Ration.

“Level 3. No unusual changes. Let’s just fry it.” Ye Cang reached out, grabbing the alarmed Little Ration with a smile. He looked at everyone’s expression and said awkwardly, “I’m just kidding...”

FrozenCloud blushed with shame. With team leader’s usual conduct, frying and eating their pet bug was not impossible. Even its name was Emergency Ration.

Little Tian held the kaakoo bug in her hands and played with it. “Father, I’ll take care of it.”

“If you like it, then go ahead.” Ye Cang said, with a shrug. He looked between the bubbling oil, and the happy Little Tian, and felt a bit reluctant. He sighed, his identification skill really did say that it would be delicious when fried.

Ye Cang took black werewolf mean and goblin meat, dipped it in a sticky emerald green slime gel and zombie pus mixture, covered it in some stinky shredded vegetables, then coated it in a layer of breadcrumb like spirit residue and crushed bones mixture. He hadn’t even begun to fry it yet and it was already emitting an unbearably disgusting smell. Everyone gulped, their whole bodies trembling. Even Little Ration, in Little Ye Tian’s embrace, reacted as if it had met a predator - it played dead...

“Bro, you haven’t even fried it and it’s already...” Zhang ZhengXiong warned him.

“What do you understand. The art of cooking is not something you can comment on. Stinky tofu is also smelly, yet it tastes so good when fried! This is a principle. Just watch.” Ye Cang took the breaded black werewolf and goblin meat, and tossed it in. The expected sizzling sounds didn’t appear. Instead, it sounded like blood curdling screams mixed with firecrackers going off. It reminded everyone of one of the 18 layers of hell, the cauldron torture<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diyu#Eighteen_Levels_of_Hell">18 Levels of Hell</a>
