---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 239"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

Chapter 239: Exploring the Mine

“Congratulations, you’ve created an intermediate level dark cooking recipe. Obtain 600 cooking experience. Please give it a name!”

“Deep Fried Werewolf and Goblin Breaded with Spirits of the Dead”

Deep Fried Werewolf and Goblin Breaded with Spirits of the Dead: Eat to restore 2 health every second. Receive +6 All Attributes, +10 All Resistances, +10 Damage, +10 Spell Power, and gain the effects of Beginner Level Burst (Every attack has a chance of dealing 10% more damage) for 3 hours.

FrozenCloud looked at the screaming deep frying meat. It was an effect that leaned more towards offence. The strange thing was that the original stink, after going through the frying process, was no longer there. Could it be like how the sashimi went through a 360 degree change after adding wine? She watched as they were taken out, one after the other. She sniffed, and only smelled the scent of deep fried batter, not at all unpleasant.

“Just like I said. It looks good...” Ye Cang reached out a took a piece, taking a big bite out of it.

Zhang ZhengXiong and the other three also grabbed some and heard the ‘Crunch~’ from Ye Cang’s bite. It seemed really crispy. They were about to ask about the flavor, but saw Ye Cang’s two eyes turn white as his consciousness turned black, and he fell on the ground. As if they had synchronized it, they all began to sweat.

“Let’s eat. Little Ration, you too.” Little Ye Tian tore off a piece, force feeding it to the little bug that wanted to flee. It didn’t even take a second before it was twitching and foaming at the mouth, like a cockroach which had been sprayed with insecticide.

Everyone exchanged a glance, then took a big bite. After a loud crunch, they felt as if their entire bodies had been electrocuted. It was such a sudden stink that burst out for an instant with peerless disgusting might, leaving only twitching unconscious figures in its wake.

...

SpyingBlade received a hidden quest to investigate the mines, and was planning to first take a look at the Callor area, when he saw a familiar pile of corpses. He then saw the big pot. It seems these guys were also exploring the mine. He walked up to them, and looked at today’s biochemical experiment which had fallen to the ground after a bite. Picking one up, he sniffed it, smelling nothing wrong. The stat bonuses were too fitting for him, but it probably wasn’t as simple as it seemed! It was obvious just looking at everyone’s miserable condition. However, curiosity got the better of him, compelling him to take a bite. The resulting flash of stink knocked him out, adding one more to the pile of corpses.

Ye Cang slowly woke up and covered his mouth. *Another failure? Hah~* He looked around on the ground. *Wait! Why is there an extra person! SpyingBlade? When did this guy appear?* He then took out another pot, and used their dwindling supply of monstrous bird meat to make a defensive dish. He used this chicken soup to cleanse his mouth and soul. After eating a bowl and gaining the buff, the others also began to wake up. Looking at the chicken soup, everyone was moved to tears. They all took a bowl to remove that stink. Zhang ZhengXiong also noticed that there was an extra person now. He poked him with his foot. *SpyingBlade? Why is he here?*

SpyingBlade could be considered the first person they met in the game. Someone they had been with ever since the early stages of Really New Village. They took a bowl and poured him a bowl of soup. Seeing that he woke up, FrozenCloud held the bowl to him, “Drink. Replace that taste.”

SpyingBlade felt like his mind was fried. *My god, what a powerful fried meat! I thought that after eating so many biochemical experiments that I would have built up a resistance, but I really overestimated myself.* He took the delicious chicken soup. This chicken along with the sashimi were the only delicious foods that guy could make. After drinking it, he handed back the bowl.

“Brother SpyingBlade, what are you at such a remote place for?” Ye Cang said as he made another pot of food to be used as poison coating for his arrows, preparing 30 poisoned arrows.

“A hidden quest.” SpyingBlade didn’t hide anything.

“Let’s go together, we’ll help you. We can all get the reward together!” Lin Le patted his shoulder and smiled.

“Alright, this probably isn’t a quest I can do alone. I was only going to scout it out and ask you guys for help if I couldn’t do it. Since we’ve already met up...” SpyingBlade shared the quest as he spoke. 

Little Ye Tian raised her brows. “Investigate the mine. Find clues about the lost magic crystal amplification device. If it goes as I expect, it should cross with our quest. The area is coincidently the same, so we’re likely to complete both.”

“Your quest is?” SpyingBlade got up, brushing the dirt off his clothes.

“Investigate and kill a boss.” Ye Cang let him see the mission paper. The participant limit hadn’t been reached yet, so they added him to the quest. SpyingBlade also added them as members to his. This was a win-win situation for both sides.

SpyingBlade carefully examined their changes. Shaking Bear’s was the greatest. There was definitely no one who would be able to guess that he was originally a priest.

Everyone walked along the walkway, and arrived at a mining site. Little Ye Tian used her two blessings on the party, increasing everyone’s strength, damage, and all attributes. Along with Zhang ZhengXiong’s aura, and Ye Cang’s double food buff, FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade could only sigh in admiration. With these buffs, they were at least 50% stronger, and their survivability increased by leaps and bounds. Especially Zhang ZhengXiong’s auras. After becoming a War Priest, he had received a special aura. A unique aura belonging to a hidden class - Warsong Aura.

Warsong Aura (Class - Beginner Level): Allies in range receive +11% Constitution, +14% Strength, +11% Movement Speed, +10% Defence, decrease negative effects by 15%. When activated, allies gain +35% all attributes for 1 minute. Cooldown: Once per day.

Feeling the changes after entering the party, SpyingBlade could only smile bitterly. This party of 6 could probably be a match for over 20 top players.

Everyone entered the pitch-black mine. After some searching, and eliminating some man-eating rats, they didn’t find anything out of place. Zhang ZhengXiong also didn’t discover any places that could be mined. Sure enough, it’s been overmined. It could be said that this was an old dried out deposit. However, the topography made it seem like a maze.

With Little Ye Tian’s amazing mapping ability, as well as SpyingBlade’s pathfinding ability, they discovered a ladder leader to another exit. Leaving the mine, they discovered that it was already night time. The Callor region’s night was void of stars, making it look all the more desolate.

Ye Cang and the others continued to search and found another mine entrance, but it wasn’t any different than the one before it. It was fairly big, but luckily, the mine-carts could be used. Everyone sat in the minecart, which swayed slightly as it travelled around the mine, saving them a lot time. They travelled through a minecart tunnel and arrived at the bottom level. In this complete darkness, no torch was better than Little Ye Tian’s Mythril staff.

“Stop!” Little Ye Tian shouted. Zhang ZhengXiong stopped the minecart.
