---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 240"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 240: Rennes Tiger

Zhang ZhengXiong pulled on the brakes. Little Ye Tian jumped off the cart, the eye on her staff shined on a hard to notice pumpkin vine. SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud were both stunned. How did she notice that!? Was this girl some kind of scanner? Her dynamic vision and attention to detail were so extreme! 

Little Ye Tian grabbed the vine and examined it in detail. She then reached out and pointed at a tunnel to the right. Lin Le quickly leaped off the cart and stood in front of her pointing finger. "That way, just like I thought!"

SpyingBlade watched as the pouting Little Ye Tian took out a detailed map. Looking it over, it was actually layered. It showed a three dimensional model of all the places they've been to, with a coordinate system, and everyone's current position. There was even a mark showing the minecarts position. He was intending to make a mark nearby so they could find the minecart again more easily. Seeing this comprehensive map, which was even to scale and contained everything from here to Black Rock City, he felt like this wasn't something someone could make by knowing a bit of programming.

As they proceeded down the tunnel, they saw a bridge chiseled out of stone. Underneath seemed to be the area they were in previously. The other side appeared to be an exit. Everyone passed over the bridge to the exit. Ye Cang looked back and saw that they were near the top of the hill. On the left and right were criss crossing paths going upwards. Looking down, he found the wild beast's footprint. SpyingBlade and Little Ye Tian squatted down to examine it, then simultaneously turned to the left path. 

With Ye Cang's night vision leading the way, they followed the path and came to a cliff wall with some claw marks left on it. It looked as if it was running. "Chase it! It climbed up over there!"

Everyone followed closely behind him. Ye Cang stepped on the protruding stones, rapidly leaping up the wall, arriving at the top of the hill. Not far away was what appeared to be a skylight for the mineshaft, and on the side was an abandoned sentry tower. Ye Cang squinted and could vaguely see a figure on the top of the sentry tower. It's here. He reached out towards his quiver. "Prepare for battle. I found it. On top of the sentry tower..."

Due to the darkness, SpyingBlade and the others were pretty much blind. The light from Little Ye Tian's mythril staff didn't travel that far, so they could barely see the outline of a sentry tower in the distance. The moonlight was blocked by clouds, making it even more unfavorable for them.

"Team Leader, we're not like you. This environment is unfavorable for us." FrozenCloud whispered.

"Wait for the cloud to scatter?" SpyingBlade frowned.

"The sentry tower can probably still serves its primary purpose, and a feline's night vision is exceptionally keen. It has probably already seen our light. Let's directly start battle. Father, we'll keep it busy, you see if you can get the sentry tower to illuminate this area. Even if not, you can keep an eye on us from up there while also providing ranged firepower." Due to ThornyRose not being around, Little Ye Tian took over as strategist and commander. 

Ye Cang nodded. He was planning to do that anyways, as that was the best position to shoot from. He added a few points, "A'Xiong, you pin it down. FrozenCloud, support him while protecting Little Tian. Lele, keep an eye out for opportunities to attack. Give me a few molotovs. As for Brother SpyingBlade, you can do what you want."

Ye Cang took the molotovs that Lin Le passed to him, then shot his bow into the darkness. The greenish-blue arrow had a slight purple, arcane glow. With an oppressive roar, the black figure leapt over, moving extremely rapidly. Ye Cang warned, "It's coming!"

Zhang ZhengXiong stood in front of the group and lowered his stance; his two hands held his heavy hammer tightly. Little Ye Tian threw a few torches in front of them, giving them a bit more vision. SpyingBlade didn't fade into the darkness, because he knew a feline boss would have not only have night vision and the ability to see through invisibility, they were also proficient in sneak attacks. The assassin was, in essence, just imitating these children of the night in order to let their talents bloom. If he separated himself, from the group, he would become the priority target, and they would fall one by one. He lowered his center of gravity and reverse the grip on his left hand dagger. His right hand sword was held in front of him. In a quiet voice, he said, "Don't stray too far..."

"It's going around!" Ye Cang shouted, shooting a fire arrow so that the others could see a bit. It revealed a 9 meter tall body which sped by in a moment. Zhang ZhengXiong backed up a bit, reducing the area he had to guard. 

"If you get a chance to attack, prioritize speed reducing skills. It's speed has reached 80 km/h! It moved about 22.22 meters in a second." Little Ye Tian had been able to calculate its speed in that moment it was revealed, and this clearly wasn't its fastest speed. The sound of wind blowing through the desolate hills interfered with everyone's hearing.

Ye Cang saw the black figure disappear behind a distant pile of rubble, it's whereabouts now unknown. "It's hidden! Be careful of the 6 o'clock direction."

FrozenCloud was located at Little Ye Tian's right side, Zhang ZhengXiong on her left. They suddenly heard the sound of a dry branch snapping. He quickly turned to block and saw a grey furred tiger with two thick arms, standing like a human. It's claws were exceptionally sharp. On it's forehead was a faint purple V shape. It lifted those horrible sharp claws, and locked onto them with its terrifying gaze. The power of a tiger was truly overwhelming.

Clang~!

Failing to counter, 3 sharp claws flashed, sending FrozenCloud flying. Due to the protection from her Qi, 35 points of Qi was consumed to reduce the damage by 35%. In the air, she performed a flip and landed. Even though she had blocked it, she still lost a third of her health! 

Ye Cang quickly identified it.

Rennes Tiger (Rare - Boss): A rare species found between mountains and forests in ancient times. It's distinguished by the V sign on its forehead. Extremely rare. Intelligent and cunning. Currently extinct. 

Ye Cang didn't understand. *Isn't it extinct? Well, whatever.* He activated his bone bow's aoe crowd control ability, Bone Spikes. Countless bone spike flew out. It's claws deflected more than half, and then it's tail swept, knocking away the rest of them.

Zhang ZhengXiong activated a Barbaric Tackle the moment it appeared, but when they collided, neither of them moved an inch. Following that was a fierce bash against Zhang ZhengXiong's arm guard, knocking him a few steps back. It's left claw blocked SpyingBlade's sword, while Ye Cang took this chance to fade into the shadows and arrived at a stone not far from the sentry tower. He then activated his shoe's ability to quickly make his way over while remaining as silent as possible..

SpyingBlade looked doubtfully. This boss hadn't even entered a critical state and it already felt so berserk. Something was fishy.
