---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 243"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 243: Tiger Claw Set

"Alright, we still need to do Brother SpyingBlade's quest. Also, I was just curious. Let's first distribute the loot." Ye Cang said with an indifferent smile, taking out the items from the boss.

Rennes Tiger Claw - Right (Set - Distinguished - Upgradable)

Category: Hand Blade

Requirements: 70 Strength, 75 Dexterity

+11 Defence

Damage: 23 - 25

+8 Strength

+10 Dexterity

+9 Speed

Can Retract

Cut (Passive): Attacks have a chance to inflict bleed, dealing an additional 30% damage over 10 seconds. Can be stacked 3 times. Additional triggers refresh its duration.

Rennes Tiger Claw - Left (Set - Distinguished - Upgradable)

Category: Hand Blade

Requirements: 75 Strength, 70 Dexterity

Damage: 22 - 23

+12 Defence

+10 Strength

+8 Dexterity

+15 Armor Penetration

Can Retract

Serious Injury (Passive): Attacks against a bleeding target gain +20% damage and +15% attack speed.

(Set Effect) Tiger Ambush: Perform a pounce against a target. If successful, the target is knocked down and your next two attacks deal double damage and will trigger cut. If failed, leap back, enter stealth, gain +35% movement speed, and your next attack will deal an additional 25% damage for 5 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Rennes Tiger Protector (Distinguished - Valuable)

Category: Coat (Outer Armor like Ye Cang's coat. Considered a fairly uncommon equipment slot)

Requirements: 85 Strength, 60 Constitution

+9 Defence

+12 Strength

+10 Constitution

+21 Dark Resistance

+5% Fortitude

Recover 1 health every 5 seconds.

Tiger's Might (Passive): +5% to all attributes.

SpyingBlade gasped after seeing the three pieces of equipment. It was a super rare equipment that could be upgraded! It means that it could, by some other means such as forging, increase the the next rank. It was still possible for ordinary weapons to do the same, but the it wouldn't be as simple, and would often come with strange variations due to the random upgrade. Moreover, this was a set! High damage with high stats, and the set even gave a control skill that even doubled as an escape skill when it failed. It would be very useful for him. Hand blade type weapons were good for assassins, grapplers, and certain types of fighters. As for that coat, it didn't even need to be said. Just the ability to recover health was amazing, but it even had a passive that gave a 5% boost to all attributes. "What's your plan?"

FrozenCloud also became excited. Hand blades were one of the weapons that she was the best at. Just looking at it, one could tell how domineering they were. It would probably go to either her or SpyingBlade. They were the only two who were focusing on a combination of Strength, Constitution, and Dexterity. She could more or less figure out his stat distribution from how he fought. He was definitely building Strength, Constitution, and Dexterity, like a swordsman, otherwise, how could he fight so ferociously yet with such poise. The team leader probably wouldn't want them. He already has many weapons: pike, longbow, heavy crossbow, swordstaff.

"We should count the two hand blades as one item. As for a coat, I already have one but I'll swap it with mine. The attributes should be about the same. Brother SpyingBlade, what do you think?" Ye Cang words made SpyingBlade raise his brows and look at Ye Cang's skeletal demon's garments. It really wasn't much worse than this one. In a PVP situation, his coat actually had an AOE crowd control ability, so whether for self defence or to suppress your enemies, it could be used as trump card. He nodded, "Ok..."

Ye Cang put on the gray fur coat. It had no sleeves, so barely covered the upper arm, and the bottom just brushed against the ground. SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang. It was like he had a tiger on him, and then a wolf on top of that. Underneath it all, he still looked like a boyscout. This mismatch was so weird that it made him speechless. 

Ye Cang took off his wolf head hood, and let it rest on his shoulder, transforming his image. "Isn't it imposing!? Don't I look like a tyrant!"

"Bro, it would be even better if you replaced the shorts." Zhang ZhengXiong reminded him. 

Ye Cang slowly nodded. "I think it looks good. Since you say so, then alright. I'll replace these shorts sooner or later. However, there's nothing to replace it with right now."

Little Ye Tian and Lin Le both showered Ye Cang with praise, making him very happy. Finally, his gaze fell upon FrozenCloud. FrozenCloud looked at him, dumbfounded. His eyes seemed to tell her, 'If you want the hand blades, then say something good'. She quickly raised her thumb, and said with a stiff expression, "Team Leader is a dragon amongst men. To be able to wear tiger pelt makes you look incomparably mighty!"

Ye Cang was very fond of her praise. He tossed the hand blades and the coat to FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade. "You two discus amongst yourselves..."

What made SpyingBlade feel the most shame was that the child was right there playing with Lele while Ye Cang went around showing off a coat made from its mother. Could he show some compassion!? However, thinking again, it was his lack of morality that allowed them to figure out that the female tiger couldn't produce milk, otherwise, it would have been an even more difficult puzzle to solve. In the end, killing this boss was inevitable.  He sighed, "I'll take the coat, you can have the hand blades, but give your tonfas to me."

FrozenCloud happily handed over her two tonfas and equipped her new pair of hand blades. They were two heavy gauntlets equipped with three 40 cm long claws. The left hand gauntlet was a bit bigger. The claws could even be retracted so they could be used as fists. She tried moving around and they were very flexible. It could perform both fist and palm attacks and wouldn't need to be removed for normal day to day activities. Both a blunt and slashing weapon in one. Along with the rest of her appearance, she now looked even more like a martial artist.

Afterwards, everyone hovered between life and death as they once again consumed the biological experiment, then returned returned to the mine from a mine shaft going down the skylight. Thanks to Little Ye Tian's map, they knew which parts had already been explored. They set their target to the unexplored south eastern area, and rode their old fashioned, man powered minecart over, only stopping when it came to a fork or when they found something unusual. Besides the man-eating rats, there were also sleeping lime slimes, as well as some large bats. The minecart finally left the mine, and exited onto an old bridge that led to another hill's mine. SpyingBlade looked over doubtfully. "Is that side also a mine?"

Little Ye Tian recalled the information she had seen. "Sort of, however, after digging through half of it and not discovering any magic crystal veins or any other ore, they decided that continuing would be a waste of resources, so stopped all work on it. It perfectly coincided with the time that the Steel Empire attacked. In the end, all manpower was transferred to the other mine, completely giving up on this one..."
