---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 244"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 244: Mini Magic Crystal Vein

"The device that Big Brother SpyingBlade is looking for is a magic crystal conversion device. It has a wide range of applications, and is very expensive. It's the equivalent of our world's electricity generator. I saw one in the lab..." Little Ye Tian explained for everyone. 

They had followed the minecart rail, and arrived at the other mine. Ye Cang questioned whether the device was really lost? "Did the quest giver ever say how it was lost? This isn't just a small distance away."

"The ones giving me quests are all important people, so I don't ask about their secrets..." SpyingBlade also felt it was somewhat odd. "However, he seemed rather frantic when he mentioned that it was lost. Something must have happened here."

"Could it be that the tiger attacked them?" FrozenCloud said, joining in on their conversation.

"Probably. However, why were they bringing the magic crystal conversion device to here? It would only be used to power the worker's tools or weapons. What was the quest giver trying to do?" Little Ye Tian nodded.

"It was a dwarf I met at an underground bar. He should be a professional miner. He said he was from the steel empire..." SpyingBlade recalled what he could. 

The Steel Empire, super power of the west. Famous for their mining and forging technology. They're mainly composed of humans, dwarves, and beastmen. Besides the steel goddess in the capital, they have no official religion. Homeland of the great hero, the most violent merchant - Alulu. Someone who could make a dragon buy vegetables, and make demons buy holy bibles. Most importantly, one can't forget how Alulu risked her life to save the continent. Everyone knows how wealthy she was, however, after her death, her property vanished along with her. Everyone guessed that she must have hidden her treasure somewhere on the continent... Now, the Steel Empire is run by her descendents." Little Ye Tian explained what she had learned from the church's books. It only took her seconds to memorize each of them. SpyingBlade once again sighed in amazement. This girl probably knew more than the scholars who lived in this virtual world.

"This kind of woman must definitely have a very unique husband." FrozenCloud said, becoming interested.

"Mm, her husband was a dwarf. He was nothing special to look at, and was actually somewhat sloppy, however he was one of the commanders of the three great frontiers during the war. The God of Lightning and War - Lightning Fist Balor. At that time, the only one who could subdue Alulu was him. It is said that their first meeting was Alulu knocking on his door on a bright morning to sell Balor some things, however the situation was reversed. Alulu ended up buying his toothbrush for a sky high price. This was when Alulu began to fiercely pursue Balor. She spent a fortune helping him with his trials, and even helped him achieve victory many times, all just to show her love for him. After her death, Balor never married another woman. This also became a royal custom. The Steel Empire's monarch can only have one consort. It's also the favorite story of many bards." Little Ye Tian actively explained.

SpyingBlade committed the names of these two heroes to memory. It would probably be useful in the future. Ye Cang quietly murmured, "Never married again..."

Zhang ZhengXiong felt a twinge in his heart, and gave Little Ye Tian a look. Little Ye Tian felt Ye Cang's sadness, and recalled his memories. The image of her father full of despair while holding that woman with the shattered head. "Father, I didn't mean..."

"It's nothing..." Ye Cang said, smiling indifferently. He lovingly pet Little Ye Tian's head. FrozenCloud didn't understand, and looked extremely bewildered. SpyingBlade faintly smiled. *If I could do that too, I... Sorry, CompassionateStar*

The mood on the mining cart declined, but Lin Le holding his beloved Little Ren, smiling like a child, warmed everyone's heart. Ye Cang suddenly turned his head to look in front and shouted, "A'Xiong, brake! It's going to derail!!" 

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly pulled on the handbrake causing sparks to fly, stopping before the break in the rail. Everyone got off. Looking around, they discovered in front of them to the left and right were two unmined tunnels. After some discussion, they chose to first go to the left, but it soon led to a dead end. Turning back, they continued to explore the right. As they explored deeper, little Ye Tian made an observation, "From here on it was clearly newly dug."

SpyingBlade touched the rock wall. "Indeed..."

Ye Cang saw that there was something on the ground not far away. I was a worn out, but not old, glove. "This glove shows no sign of age..."

"This must be the area the dwarf continued to excavate. Let's keep going..." Little Ye Tian said. They continued deeper into the tunnel and saw some dried bloodstains as well as some deep claw marks. The cause was obvious. Finally, they found the device at a dead-end. It was connected to something that appeared to be mining machine. Little Ye Tian confirmed that this was what they were looking for. What made her suspicious though was the fragments of magic crystals on the ground. Seeing how they were positioned in relation to the mining machine, it was obvious that they came from the hole. Ye Cang walked in, and saw that the mining machine was facing what used to be a huge block of magic crystal, however, it was already shattered. The tip of the machine was positioned at the shattered crystal. Looking forwards, he became stunned. It was a huge cavern that appeared to have been sealed before. The floor, walls, and ceiling were all made of magic crystal.

Everyone entered after him. Seeing this crystal garden, they also couldn't help but be astonished. Little Ye Tian murmured, "It's a mini vein of magic crystal. There are also many other crystals and minerals..."

Zhang ZhengXiong stared blankly for a moment before having Lin Le summon the handcart. They began to toss the useless things to make room. Besides the skeletal demon's bones and the boss corpses, all the other monster scraps were tossed. Luckily, a majority of it was already left at Rica's general store, so they didn't have to discard very much. He then began to mine away with his pickaxe.

Little Ye Tian smiled, "Isn't there a mining machine just outside. I checked it out earlier and it's still useable. There's so much to mine, and the machine still has enough power, using it would greatly increase our efficiency."

SpyingBlade looked at the seemingly endless crystal, and thought, *these guys are going to make a killing again.* "Give me a share."

"No problem, no problem..." Ye Cang said as he used his omnipotent gathering skill and threw pieces of ore into the cart.

Zhang ZhengXiong and Ye Cang performed manual labor, while Little Ye Tian operated the mining machine. The others stood beside the mining machine, picking up the fallen crystals and ores. SpyingBlade smiled bitterly feeling that his backpack was truly too small. It was filled up in merely a moment. Besides some magic crystal, he could only fit a few ores. There was simply too much. He would just have to ask them for more if he needed any.
