---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 245"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 245: Create Water**

In the end, they had a few people stand guard here as Lin Le and Little Ye Tian rushed back to town with a cart full of magic crystals and ore to have Rica get them some storage space. They got back to town at record speed. After a few trips, they had stripped this magic crystal vein clean, leaving not even a speck of dust.

SpyingBlade sighed when he saw the handcart's capacity. A mere 10 trips was enough to strip this entire mine dry. Although this operation had delayed their leveling by two days, but this profit...

"I believe this hill should have another mine, and not just a mini one. We only managed to get this much. A small magic crystal vein is enough to support Black Rock City for tens of years, while this mini one would last only a few years. However, with our current ability, we can't even mine it. This mining machine can dig for at most tens of meters. Moreover, we were lucky to run into this already excavated magic crystal vein. It was likely that the owner of this mining machine must have accidently released the tigers sealed within the magic crystals, who then suddenly came to life and ambushed him. Moreover, this magic crystal vein was gathered in one spot, making it very convenient. If we really want to open a mine, we need at least ten thousand workers." Little Ye Tian analysed while looking at the clean cavern.

"Don't worry about it. Let's go. Back to Black Rock City to receive our rewards, then to the grasslands. We can conveniently do some hunting quests while we're there for some extra experience..." Ye Cang was already perfectly content.

SpyingBlade nodded. "Good idea..."

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. It had been an entire two days, yet his position in the level rankings had barely changed, merely falling one place. It was likely that once he received his quest rewards, he would regain his position.

Black Rock City.

ThornyRose and the others had completed a quest and returned. She noticed that those guys had each fallen 1 or 2 ranks in the level ranking. Were they slacking again!? She tried asking FrozenCloud and only got back some hesitant mumbling. "Speak up, what kind of crazy thing did they do now?"

"Team Leader and them discovered a mini magic crystal vein. These two days were spent stripping it clean, so we haven't been spending time leveling. Now we're going back to hand in some quests and preparing to go level again." FrozenCloud hesitated for a while but decided to say it in the end. She figured Team Leader would tell Sister Rose eventually anyways. After all, it wouldn't be easy to sell off so much illegally acquired magic crystal.

ThornyRose was dumbstruck. Magic crystal was a fairly scarce resource and was categorized as strategically important goods. They actually acquired a magic crystal vein!? Stripped it clean!? Recalling how Ye Cang looted, it was truly something they were capable of. She laughed bitterly. They really made it big this time.

Ye Cang returned to Black Rock City, and arrived at Rica's general store. With her guidance, they arrived at the warehouse district and saw 5 large warehouses packed full of crystals, magic crystals, and other ores. Even Rica was stunned. "You really cleared out a magic crystal vein?"

"Mm. Granny Rica, how should we deal with it..." Ye Cang didn't really understand how to sell it. He hadn't heard of any players who used this stuff yet.

"Let's hide it for now. I'll go make some inquiries." Rica had made quite a few connections recently. The general store was also doing well.

"Brother Lil'White, can I take a cart of magic crystal to the chamber of commerce? I heard they have been buying it recently, so I can get some rewards and promotions for turning it in." Lin Le asked. Ye Cang nodded and agreed to let Lin Le fill up a cart while removing the devices they had retrieved from the mine. "Let's go to the adventurer's association for the reward first. Then to Brother SpyingBlade's place to return this magic crystal whatever device, but we can keep the mining machine since he never said to look for it. We can leave it incase it comes in handy."

Soon, everyone arrived at the rumored adventurer's association. SpyingBlade had some interest in it. He had considered joining at one point, but now that he saw how it was like a senior's activity center on the inside, he immediately froze. *What a close call...*

Ye Cang greeted the elders, made introductions, then went to the 2nd floor to find Linda. "We've slain the wild beast. This is it's claw..."

Zhang ZhegnXiong and Lin Le stared at Linda's legendary chest which appeared to be on the verge of popping out! *God damn! For this chest, I would gladly join this seniors activity center.*

"Good job completing it so quickly. I was planning on handling it personally, but you've already dealt with it. Pass me the mission posting." Linda looked at the claw and returned it to Ye Cang. She took the sheepskin scroll and stamped it as complete. She then immediately rolled it up and filed it into a nearby drawer.

"Congratulations, you've completed the adventurer's association mission 'Beast of Ayikos Trail'. Receive 2000 experience, 1 class talent point, and learn a random uncommon to super rare skill."

"Congratulations, you've learned the super rare skill, Create Water (Beginner Level): Requires a magic crystal and a receptacle. Chant 5 verses to fill the receptacle with beginner level magic spring water, which can be consumed to restore 1 mana every 5 seconds. The bigger the magic crystal and receptacle, the more spring water you can create, and the more mana you consume to create it."

"Here's the reward of 10 gold. The guild will take a 2 gold commision, I'll be taking another 2  conveniently leaving just enough for you all to have 1 each. Recently, more clients have made requests for bronze rank missions so go take a look. Whichever one you want, just take it off the wall, then fill in the form on my desk. Anyways, it's my turn in monopoly..." Linda threw them the 6 gold. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le were still mesmerized by those rippling waves. SpyingBlade and Ye Cang also had trouble tearing their eyes off them. Even FrozenCloud was staring at them blankly. There were just that shocking.

Ye Cang shook his head, breaking out of his revelry. He had let his mind wander too much and ended up being scammed of an extra 2 gold. He could only smile bitterly, taking the 5 gold, and passing the remaining one to SpyingBlade. Then he examined his new skill. He felt like it was rather useless, but whatever. If he ever needed water for cooking, he could use it. "Let's go have a look at the bronze missions. I can't look at the silver, gold, and amethyst ones yet."

Everyone also broke out of their daze. Lin Le murmured, "I'll go tell the president I'm quitting and come straight back to sign up..."

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded in approval. "I'll also try..."

FrozenCloud froze. *You two are both part of hidden class associations! You'd give it up for those lumps of fat!?* She quickly consoled them, restraining their urge to join the adventurer's association with much difficulty. Everyone in this team was hard to handle. 

SpyingBlade looked at FrozenCloud. *This girl also had it hard; to be with these abnormal people every day, especially that scum and his sinister arrows.* He turned and looked at the mission board. *It seems like this guild has its uses, at the very least, it's not lacking in quests. Eh? Looking for a strong male to mate with, 20 gold. An additional 50 gold on successful pregnancy. Mission difficulty C. Can any mission be posted here?* He turned and saw Zhang ZhengXiong looking at this mission's details seriously. *F\*\*k, how thirsty are you!? However, the bonus reward is tempting, but why is it C difficulty? Even killing that boss was only C difficulty.* He then flipped through the mission data and saw the picture on the last page. His hands trembled, as if he had just touched something disgusting. It seems the missions difficulty wasn't wrong.

Zhang ZhengXiong doubtfully picked up the picture that had fallen on the ground, and gasped. "My god, she could give Lil'Dino's past appearance a run for her money..."

FrozenCloud looked over and froze. It really was at the level of that picture she had given them. She sighed as she thought of her sins...
