---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 246"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 246: Baron**

"Um, Brother SpyingBlade, you can try it out..." Ye Cang peeked over and said indifferently. 

SpyingBlade glared at him. "F\*\*k off, why don't you go do it!"

Ye Cang shrugged. "I'm just making a suggestion. The reward is so big, it's a pity that no one wants to go."

"Father, we can take the mission posting and hire someone else to do it for us..." Little Ye Tian's suggestion made everyone stare in shock. There was that possibility! FrozenCloud looked at Little Ye Tian. The little girl definitely had the talent to be a pimp.

Ye Cang grabbed the sheepskin scroll and stuffed it into his pocket. As for the picture, he ripped it up and threw it away. "So that others don't see the picture and back out. Hah~ It's a pity that Brother CloudDragon isn't in this city, otherwise we could give it to him..."

FrozenCloudj looked at Ye Cang and broke out in cold sweat. A tiger would not give birth to a dog. Each more ruthless than the other. If Fighting King knew, he'd be heartbroken...

...

White Stone City, in a mountainous area.

CloudDragon's group was besieging a boss. As he was about to loot the corpse, he felt a shiver down his spine. He suddenly looked up in Black Rock City's direction, and faintly frowned. He then shook the ill omens out of his head, ignoring it.

...

Ye Cang group selected a few quests. There were many new ones, most of them stuff like weeding and finding pets. They divided it amongst themselves. SpyingBlade also didn't refuse. Doing odd jobs was sometimes fulfilling.

Aftering everyone chose their missions, SpyingBlade brought them to the underground pub  and returned the magic crystal conversion device to the dwarf. "Did you experience any dangers there? Was there anything out of the ordinary..."

Ye Cang raised his brows. He was probably trying to see if they had found anything which means he likely didn't see the magic crystal vein inside. "Nothing abnormal. We conveniently killed the beast that attack you."

The dwarf nodded regretfully. "We lost out this time. Hah~ Here's for your trouble."

"Congratulations, you've completed 'Return the Lost Magic Crystal Device'. Receive 1700 experience, 1 skill point, and 3 gold."

The dwarf sighed, then brought some similarly dressed dwarves and humans with him as he left the pub.

"Lele, you bring your handcart to the chamber of commerce. Everyone else split up and start doing the quests. We can conveniently gather some information. Dismissed. Meet up at the general store..." Ye Cang dismissed everyone, then returned to the warehouse and began taking inventory. There were many magic crystals, flame stones, and quite a few holy jades as well as crystals and ores of various elements.

"Boss, I have some news. Black Rock City currently has a magic crystal shortage, so Marquis Clay requires some magic crystals to keep his iron and steel working factories going. He's buying them for a high price. It's just south of the city, moreover, he's there personally." Rica rushed in and said.

"I got it. Prepare a few wagons." Ye Cang nodded. Rica quickly went to take care of things. Afterwards, Ye Cang brought a train of wagons and arrived at the southern smelting factory. The guards stopped him there.

"I hear you're purchasing magic crystals for a high price. We've specially come, so please inform Marquis Clay." Ye Cang pushed aside the wagon's hood, informing them of his purpose. The guards exchanged a glance, "Wait here!"

About 10 minutes later, a purple robed, brown haired, middle aged man walked over with guards trailing behind him. He had thick yet tamed side-burns, a hooked nose, and very dignified eyes which glanced over the train of wagons behind Ye Cang. "It really is enough to deal with this emergency. Young man, where did you get these magic crystals?"

"We purchased them from elsewhere and have been stocking them up." Ye Cang said, skimping over it. This man in front of him was probably Marquis Clay. An rare military noble. He was clearly a high-ranking officer, not the weak kind either. He was probably extremely strong, after all, in Black Rock City, a marquis was already the 2nd highest rank. These were all things he heard from Rica before coming.

Marquis Clay faintly smiled, not questioning it further. He pointed to the goods, "I've received the goods. Go to the accountants to settle the bill. White haired young man, if you can deliver another batch, there will be a big reward! You'll absolutely be satisfied!"

Ye Cang pondered. This batch wasn't even 1/30th of their stock, so giving more wasn't a problem, they had to sell it anyways. He nodded, "Alright, I have a bit more. I'll bring it over later."

Rica, who was nearby, felt bewildered. This was a marquis!

After speaking, Ye Cang brought Rica with him to settle the bill. Clay looked at Ye Cang's back and narrowed his eyes. "Investigate his background, see if he's clean..."

A nearby knight nodded and left.

Ye Cang was feeling great after leaving the accountant's office. He had made a huge profit of 2315 gold coins. He gave half of it to Rica so that she could expand her general store business, then once again filled up the wagons and transported another batch over. Clay couldn't help looking shocked. *So fast? He's probably storing them right in the city. This is likely the last batch. This young man is a pretty good businessman. Able to slug through the tough times, and act when the time is right.* Ye Cang's coat opened a bit, exposing his adventurer's association medal. Clay was shocked once again. This time, he even broke out in cold sweat. If he was actually a member of that senior's activity center, then he definitely wasn't someone suspicious. Those elders have very keen eyes. "Follow me..."

Clay left his people to unload the magic crystals, and brought the confused Ye Cang to his office building. The two of them arrived in the audience hall, and Clay got right to the point, "I hope you can give me these goods as an investment. Of course, I won't treat you unfairly. This is a baron's medal. With this you can go to the city administration center and select your own plot of land..."

Ye Cang hesitated. Marquis Clay was the second most influential man in the city, so if possible, it was best not to offend him. Also, a title and land would probably be more valuable than gold coins. He could only helplessly accept the medal. "Thank you lord marquis."

"Congratulations, your prestige with Black Rock City is now Revered. You've obtained a baron title."

"Black Rock City - Baron: A monthly salary of 20 gold which can be collected at the city administration center."

"Remember, if you have anymore goods, come find me first..." Clay reached out and patted the newly promoted Ye Cang with a smile.

"Lord marquis, of course..." Ye Cang nodded, but felt like something was fishy. He immediately left the marquis's office, and saw that the pedestrians would now nod to him in passing, making him feel rather pleased. *This brother is now a noble.* He went to the city center, full of excitement, to register and saw that there were thousands of Barons in Black Rock City. His mood immediately fell. It turned out Barons were as common as dogs. The land too, it wasn't large, and the good spots had already all been taken. Looking at the remaining plots of land, they were all in desolate areas outside of town. He had been scammed by that hooked nose person!

Ye Cang's furious gaze slowly arrived at the map of Callor Hills. *Eh? No one wants this place? It was probably discarded but some dumb Baron who thought he was awesome after mining it out.* After thinking it over, he recalled that Little Ye Tian had said there was probably another vein. After consulting the clerk, he learned that he could pick an area about the size of 3 hills. Eliminating the hill that had already been mined out, he selected the other three hills as his territory.
