---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 247"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "hideo"
---

**Chapter 247: Flying Into Rage**

Ye Cang met ThornyRose as soon as he left the city administration center. He saw that there were a few extra beauties beside her, and was somewhat impressed. One called ElegantFragrance, one called PassingBreeze, and lastly some Li something... He remembered meeting them at the club. He reached out and waved to them, as if they were classmates who met after a long time. "Yo, what a coincidence. Bye..." After greeting them, he planned to leave right away.

The veins on ThornyRose's forehead throbbed. She reached out and grabbed him. "I know what you've been up to instead of leveling..."

"Nothing. Who told you? If it was Lele, he was probably just sleep talking. Also, now I'm a noble with land, so watch yourself, or I'll call for the guards." Ye Cang showed off his baron medal and said.

ElegantFragrance nodded. No wonder Sister Rose always called him damn lowlife...

"You!!" ThornyRose saw that the guards were looking over, so she released him. "Remember to tell me if you find anything next time! You have land!? Where?"

"Why should I tell you? It's my private land..." Ye Cang rolled his eyes at her.

"Aren't we good friends? Tell me, Lord Baron." ThornyRose's attitude took a 180 turn and she began to flatter him.

"Well said, well said. Haha~ The land... I won't tell you~~ Ah!!!! My face! Guards! Guards!! She's attacking a baron!!" Ye Cang was going to mess with her a bit, but was immediately bitten in the face. FrozenBlood took another picture, and shared it. "The real Sister Zhen. Rose and White Hair are passionate today too~~"

The guard rolled his eyes at Ye Cang, and pulled out his own Baron medal. "I'm also a baron, yet here I am standing guard outside the city administration center. This thing means nothing. Go play somewhere else."

"Pfft~!" ThornyRose quickly released her jaw, and held her stomach as she laughed at Ye Cang, forgetting her anger. FrozenBlood also began to laugh. Even the cold PassingBreeze leaked a smile as she glanced at him. 

Ye Cang covered his face, stunned. That damn hooked nose old swindler! Isn't a Baron too useless! Being scammed of 2000 gold worth of magic crystals, even being teased by a guard and these girls! He immediately flew into rage. "Humph~ you ignorant people. I won't lower myself to your level..." 

"Who are you calling ignorant..." ThornyRose once again arrived in front of Ye Cang and smiled.

"Mm, good question. Actually, I don't know either. Alright, see you later." Ye Cang suddenly retreated a step, then turned and fled.

"Although a Baron isn't much, but it's very difficult for a player to obtain nobility, let alone one that just arrived for a few days. That guy already has a title and land, and even has a huge stock of magic crystals." ThornyRose sighed. "However, it's a good thing for us if he becomes influential in Black Rock City, after all he's now one of us."

"The auction house is almost complete. The Freedom Alliance and Lord's Reign can only be jealous of our large sized store. They've already tried to negotiate with us a few times." ElegantFragrance added in.

"Yeah, we have to quickly make a place for ourselves in Black Rock City." ThornyRose nodded, as she brought them all into the city administration center.

Ye Cang returned to the general store and met up with everyone who had finished their quests. Besides experience and some gold, they didn't get anything special. Unexpectedly, while Zhang ZhengXiong was cleaning a vase, he found a golden key inside. Ye Cang was prohibited from touching the key. Next, Lin Le had been promoted to manager in the chamber of commerce. The president was already treating Lin Le as his lucky charm, and had awarded him a silver handcart, which had 5 times the capacity of the previous one.

"Father, choosing those three hills in Callor Hills as your land was a very wise choice. There are many things we can exploit there. Besides the hidden crystal veins, I've predicted that there might even be an oil deposit, but we don't have the power to exploit it right now. The church also requires magic crystals, so I think we should give about half to Grand Knight Mar, helping him get promoted. As for the rest of the magic crystals, we can't do anything with our current identity. It's too dangerous to keep it in the warehouse. Father, you've already attracted a lot of attention. If we get investigated, we might get convicted or have a bounty put on our heads." Little Ye Tian had gathered some information and learned that there were already people asking about Ye Cang.

Ye Cang was a bit reluctant. *How much money could we make if we sold it all? But it's better to give it to Old Mar's son rather than that damn swindler. Baron... F\*\*k!* "A'Xiong, Little Tian, go to the church and have him come to the general store."

"Mm." Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian quickly headed towards the church.

SpyingBlade raised his brows. It turned out that they chose this city because they had a connection from Really New Village. To have connections with an influential person in the holy church was also very beneficial to himself. In the past games, many of the greatest assassins, if not working in the underground syndicates, would be affiliated with a holy organization.

Little Mar rushed over after hearing that it was an emergency. These were people his father told him to take good care of. Moreover, these were people who helped his father save Really New Village form the werewolf menace. He suspiciously came to the general store and saw Ye Cang. "Why the rush?"

"I have a batch of magic crystals..." Ye Cang slowly got up.

"You want to sell it to the church?" Little Mar exhaled, relaxing. *How was this an emergency? It's probably just a little batch of Magic Crystals.* He then recalled that Really New Village was a small place, so they probably weren't use to the scale of Black Rock City.

"How should I explain... I have about a mini crystal vein worth." Ye Cang said. Little Mar nodded, then immediately realized what he said. *What!* He began to cough. *A batch of magic crystals worth about as much as a mini vein!? Holy Crap!* He turned and looked at Little Ye Tian and Zhang ZhengXiong furiously. "HeavenShakingMight, NightSky, guard outside! Don't let anyone near!" 

Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian nodded and left.

"The story..." Little Mar saw a bottle of Really New Village's wine on the side, and directly began drinking it.

Ye Cang explained from beginning to end. When Little Mar heard about the dwarf from the Steel Empire, he frowned. It was probably a thief trying to steal from their mine but was attacked by a beast. He understood now. So these guys got so lucky. They even collected it all, and sold two batches to Marquis Clay. So that's how he got his baron medal. "Bring me to it..."

Ye Cang brought Little Mar to the few warehouses they were renting. Little Mar saw that the enormous amount in the warehouses, enough for Black Rock City to use for the next 4 years. He furrowed his brows in concentration. "You know this is a crime right?"

"Do you want it?" Ye Cang rolled his eyes. *I know what kind of person your father is. You're his son...*

Little Mar saw Ye Cang's unpleasant mood, and began to laugh. *It seems he really was close to father. If I can get my hands on these goods, it would do wonders for my promotion. It looks like father sent me some lucky stars.* He also knew why Ye Cang was giving these to him, so replied with a smile, "I'll take 70% of it. You can keep the other ores and minerals. I'll have some trusted aides come and move them later. It's good that you came to me. If it was that old bastard Clay, humph, I'm afraid you would be screwed. I'll try to get you an honorary title in the church. HeavenShakingMight and NightSky will also become my most trusted aides. In the future, you'll receive many benefits."
