---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 248"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: Yeahhhh!!! She's here!!

---

**Chapter 248: Wu Na Joins!**

"I can recommend you to Maquis Azshara. Becoming a Viscount shouldn't be a problem. Leave those holy element ores for me. You can keep the rest. Be cautious." Little Mar added.

"Marquis Azshara?" Ye Cang asked curiously.

"The father of my good friend." Little Mar explained.

"Oh..." Ye Cang nodded. Little Mar had pretty good friends.

"You chose those mines as your territory?" Little Mar recalled.

"Correct." Ye Cang said, not denying it.

"There are more veins?" Little Mar asked expectantly.

"Not sure. Just trying my luck." Ye Cang shrugged. It was better to play it safe, even if they were close to Little Mar.

"It's now your territory, so if you find any, there won't be any problems. However, these things you obtained before getting the territory, you definitely have to keep it a secret." Little Mar didn't inquire any further.

Ye Cang faintly smiled, "Don't worry..."

Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian saw Little Mar come out. "From now on, you two are my subordinates. I officially promote you two to knight captain and head priest."

They both received messages from the system, and read it happily. A promotion! Besides their association medal, they also received a medal for their new post as Little Mar's aides. With his recommendation, SpyingBlade was also able to take the trial to join the Dark Judges. Little Mar looked at SpyingBlade optimistically. "Not bad, you actually want to train with the Dark Judges. That place isn't as easy as the other divisions. I spent a few years there myself. The assassins of the Dark Judges don't only mount sneak attacks, especially that guy responsible for Black Rock City's division. Right, I'm recommending you in, but you definitely can't say you know me..."

"Why?" SpyingBlade didn't understand.

"In the past, me and him were comrades. At the time, I was rash and often got him hurt. Because of that, he's always unhappy when he looks at me. He's a stingy guy..." Little Mar murmured as he recalled his past.

"......" SpyingBlade was speechless. *You can't really blame someone for having a grudge against you for injuring them...* "I understand..."

Taking advantage of the night, Little Mar quickly gathered some manpower, and with Lin Le's help, completely transported everything before the sun rose. Ye Cang looked at the warehouses that were originally packed full, but was only left with a third. However, a third was still a lot. Even if they wanted to turn it into money, they 1) didn't have a method, 2) Didn't have the qualifications, and 3) it was illegal goods. If they held onto it and waited, they could still earn a hefty sum, but they couldn't be too greedy. Moreover, he could help a friend by giving it away. If Little Mar did well, they would also rise along with him.

ThornyRose saw that the group's level rankings fell a position yet again. They still weren't leveling? She once again asked FrozenCloud.

"Team Leader and them are dealing with the magic crystals. 70% was given to Mayor Mar's son. I'm now an honorary knight of the church." FrozenCloud's words surprised ThornyRose. It was probably because they had no way to sell it, so they could only give it to someone they knew. It seems like that guy still had a brain. If they tried to sell it all, they would have suffered miserably. She was going to remind them about that, but he didn't want to talk about it. FrozenCloud then showed off her hand blades to ThornyRose. "Isn't it awesome..."

ThornyRose looked at her own weapon. *F\*\*k, FrozenCloud's equipment is better than mine! They'll probably finally go level.* "Where are you planning to go next?"

"The grasslands. Looking for a hidden cave. It might even be an instance." FrozenCloud replied.

"I got it." ThornyRose ended the call. *If I bring my people along, there will probably be too many people for the instance. My side has also discovered an instance, so whatever. We'll see how it goes.*

...

The morning sun shined upon Black Rock city. Ye Cang was in the general store, stretching. "Let's eat breakfast, then go to the grasslands. Nana just told me she reached level 10 and is preparing to choose a city. We can go together."

"Yeah! Nana is coming~~" Lin Le jumped excitedly.

Zhang ZhegnXiong and Little Ye Tian didn't know if they were excited or were taking pleasure in her misfortune. *Nana / Sister Nana, Bro's / Father's biochemical experiments are calling for you...*

FrozenCloud often heard them talk about this person. It seems like it was their roommate, and a woman at that. They seemed extremely close. Team Leader had saved many skillbooks and mage equipment for her. To be able to reach level 10 at this point, she must be an above average player. FrozenCloud started becoming curious.

...

Wu Na, who had just reached level 10, was happy, yet kept feeling this inexplicable chill on her back. She figured Ye Cang and the others must be thinking about her already. She looked at the relay station and said with a big smile. "I want to go to Black Rock City!"

After saying those words, her whole body became numb. It was extremely weird. She shook her head, figuring it was all an illusion.

...

Lin Hai, early morning.

In a seaside cottage, 5 people were sitting at a dining table. Wu Na happily told them that she had just arrived at Black Rock City. Besides Lin Le, the other two sighed in their hearts. As for Ye Cang, he just smiled calmly and said, "The team is only missing you. Welcome~~"

"Of course, what would you do without a spellcaster like me!" Wu Na raised her chin and joked in a cute voice.

Ye Cang smiled. He turned and looked at the sunlight coming through the window. *If only you were here. Would you be a Fighter, or a spellcaster, or maybe an Assassin? Ranger? Perhaps a Paladin, Priest, or Summoner? With your personality, you'd probably be a fearless fighter, because it was your courage that saved me. It wasn't me that saved you and A'Xiong.* He took a steamed dumpling, and stuffed it in his mouth. "Next time we go out, I'll try making some dumplings for everyone."

Other than Wu Na, the others all froze, their faces becoming pale. Wu Na couldn't stop smiling as she said, "Nice, you can cook? I want to try your creation when I get there."

Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and Little Ye Tian all began to shake their heads furiously. *You'll die! You'll really die!!*

...

Black Rock City.

Wu Na arrived at the general store. FrozenCloud saw the woman in front of them. Her equipment was above average, but completely inferior even compared to Sister Rose and the others. However, when matched up against the average player, it was still considered alright. One couldn't call it normal, yet also couldn't say it was good. Appearance wise, she was the sweet and cute type. Wait... She was a member of Thorns and Roses!

Wu Na had already seen them in videos before, so wasn't too surprised. She knew how abnormal Ye Cang and the others were. Her eyes looked towards the so called Lil'Dino, and saw her braided twintails! Someone so old yet still has braided twintails! That appearance... tsk~ tsk~ "Your hairstyle is really unique. Nowadays, even 10 year olds don't want twin braids..."
