---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 249"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 249: Lil'Dino's Tears**

"Haha, I was forced..." FrozenCloud smiled bitterly. She began to tug on her twin braids.

"Here's the equipment we saved for you." Ye Cang gave her several pieces of Distinguished and Masterwork equipment, as well as 5 skillbooks. Wu Na saw that every piece of equipment was much better than hers, so quickly changed into them. She then used the skillbooks. They were: Minor Windstorm, Entangling Roots, Ice Arrow, Magic Missile, and Magic Knowledge. In just a moment, she had exchanged her flintlock pistol for a cannon.

Wu Na looked at Ye Cang's attire. Tiger coat, a cloak made from an entire wolf pelt, and inside was a boyscout outfit comprising of shorts and boots. She recalled how he always dressed strangely. Whenever she saw his videos, she would want to make fun of him, but seeing it up close had even more impact...

Soon, Wu Na saw SpyingBlade's friendly smile and nodded towards him. SpyingBlade nodded back. *It seems like she's a good young lady, such a pity. Having a dedicated spellcaster in the party is a good thing. Although that scum can cast powerful spell, he has too many things to do. Having someone help him share the burden means he can act more freely. But this beauty's abilities seem average. With her stance and awareness, it would only take an instant to kill her. BlackIce is one of the most vigilant spellcasters, of course, not including NalanPureSoul. Someone who's called one of the four heavenly kings is definitely not easy to deal with.*

"Nana, let me introduce you. This is Lil'Dino, a grappler. An employee of our Happy Firmaments..." Ye Cang pulled Lil'Dino over and introduced.

"Um... When did I become an employee of Happy Firmaments..." FrozenCLoud asked puzzled.

"Ever since I decided to establish it. I'm the chairman, A'Xiong and Lele are vice-chairmen. Little Tian is the treasurer. Nana is head of public relations. And you're an employee..." Ye Cang explained.

FrozenCloud felt like her mind was exploding after hearing Ye Cang's words. *This must be my punishment for being a mole.* "Do I get paid?"

"Nope, but you get a year end bonus." Ye Cang said with an indifferent smile.

FrozenCloud wanted to die, but at least she could get a yearly bonus. She sighed. It was better than nothing, which gave her a little comfort.

"Nice to meet you, Lil'Dino." Wu Na said, shaking her hand. "These guys often talk about you..."

As for the name Lil'Dino, FrozenCloud had already given up on correcting it. She was unable to resist anymore. Even her mother was starting to call her that, all because of that evil sister. "Nice to meet you, sister Nana."

"You don't have to be so polite. Just call me Nana. We're all around the same age." Wu Na treated the only other mature woman in the team very nicely. The two chatted happily. Zhang ZhengXiong and the others could see that they would soon be like sister.

Ye Cang looked at them, not knowing what they were secretly gossiping about, but they seemed to be having fun. He then pointed to SpyingBlade and indifferently said, "Nana, this is the scum of society that ambushes people every chance he gets - SpyingBlade."

"You scummy ranger that injures everyone." SpyingBlade snorted.

"You degenerate."

"You bastard."

"You're narrow-minded and shameless."

"Stubborn pig."

"You have no d\*ck."

"You have no balls."

Wu Na broke out in cold sweat. Their argument was even worse than a primary-schoolers, and they didn't show any enthusiasm. She reached out her hand with a friendly smile. "SpyingBlade, such an unusual name. Nice to meet you."

SpyingBlade could feel that this girl in front of him had a special warmth about her. It made people feel very comfortable. A generous person, but not in a way that could cause offence. He nodded and shook her hand. "Nice to meet you."

"Nana, have you been to the spellcaster's association?" FrozenCloud asked, already using her nickname.

"Not yet. I came to see you guys as soon as I arrived." Wu Na said, pulling on Lil'Dino. The two of them already got along very well.

Ye Cang roll his eyes. *Isn't this too fast? How long has it been? 10 minutes?*

"Lil'Dino, Little Tian, you two bring her there. When you're done, come meet us at the east gate." Ye Cang urged. He saw Wu Na happily pulling Little Tian and Lil'Dino along. *Nana that girl.* A smile crept onto his face.

"Bro, Nana can finally adventure with us." Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around Ye Cang and Lin Le's shoulder and smiled.

"If only she can survive the trial by biochemical experiment..." SpyingBlade said with his arms crossed.

"......" Lin Le's and Zhang ZhengXiong's faces both fell.

"Trial by biochemical experiment, what does that mean? Is it a quest?" Ye Cang asked, confused, completely lacking in self awareness.

"Eh..." SpyingBlade noticed he wasn't joking and was left speechless. Then he sighed. "Nothing..."

Wu Na arrived at the spellcaster's association, and quickly became a member. She received 2 new spells: Chilling Wind (An AOE slowing cold wind) and Ice Spear (Slows and deals high damage), as well as a passive: Arcane Brilliance (Adds a portion of intelligence to spellpower).

Outside the east gate.

Wu Na saw that Ye Cang had taken out an enormous pot, thrown in a light blue crystal, and was casting a spell. Soon, light blue water began spilling out of the pot.

FrozenCloud looked at the water's effects. It was actually water that could restore mana! This was something incomparably rare. In this game, restoring mana was difficult. This sort of ability that could create mana replenishing springwater could vastly improve their team's endurance. Although Team Leader could already make mana recovering food, but that flavor... Mm, using it long term was not realistic. No one could stand eating that thing every couple minutes. Wait... team leader probably wants to use this springwater instead of normal water for cooking! That means, everything he makes in the future will be able to restore mana and even have a magical effect. However, there were too few spellcasters in their party to make full use of it. They need at least two more dedicated spellcasters like a summoner and a warlock or something. Sorcerer's could also summon some elemental creatures, but they usually relied on their own firepower instead of magical beasts.

Wu Na happily took out some bottles, filling them up with the magic springwater. There was never enough mana, so this could alleviate the problem a bit. Ye Cang put the enormous pot of springwater into Lin Le's cart, then arrogantly looked down at the grasslands. "Let's set out." 

FrozenCloud was happy. There was finally someone normal in this party. Wu Na was not only friendly, they could even talk about dresses and makeup together. After joining Happy Firmaments, these girly subjects had become very distant to her. Only on the weekend could  she occasionally return to a normal life. To her, Wu Na became like a saint that would save her sanity. "Nana, how can you be with team leader and them for so long yet still be able to stay normal?"

"I also don't know. Perhaps I'm just a natural. They're all really good people, just... I can't explain it." Wu Na laughed bitterly. The two sympathized with each other. Finding someone who could see eye to eye made them cry tears of joy.

---

TN: Sorry... I'm confused again. I don't know if Wu Na is a Priest or Mage anymore... I give up on trying to figure it out x.x