---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 250"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 250: Journey in the Grasslands

This time, Ye Cang and the others passed straight through Ayikos Trail to the Carnot Grasslands. Prairie stretched as far as the eye could see. The creatures here were Black Rock Lions, and Wolves, however any that met Ye Cang would simply be ingredients for dumplings, fated to disappear without a trace. Wu Na saw that Ye Cang was very practiced at disassembling them. He really had a skill to harvest corpses...

As they went further, it became more difficult to judge their current position, because there were no special landmarks. They didn't even have a compass, but they had an even simpler method, Little Ye Tian's self made map. Every set distance, she would mark their direction and location. From the start until now, they had been heading in the direction the cave might be in. Occasionally they would meet some cow herders or shepherds. Ye Cang wanted to knock out the herders and shepherds and steal their flock, but was stopped by Wu Na. Soon it became nightfall. They had already spent a long time walking through the grassland.

The stars emerged and everyone looked up to see a view that could never be seen in a city. The stars were so bright and so beautiful that it felt like they were dreaming. Little Ye Tian observed them carefully. She had been observing them ever since Really New Village, and had more or less understood the rules they follow. Unlike earth, there wasn't any North Star. Instead, there was a really bright star to the east. Little Ye Tian furrowed her brows. Even for her, to be able to perform the same calculations as the system was impossible. The virtual world's ability to emulate a world was already this amazing? To even be able to emulate an entirely different star system, because it was clearly not earth's stars. Only the sun and moon were similar. Speaking of sun and moon, they were also different. The main moon was clearly closer, and there were multiple moon like satellites. The others were further and less noticeable, but she had seen them. They were definitely moons. When without a compass, meteorological phenomenons were the most reliable guides.

SpyingBlade looked at Little Ye Tian's appearance. This little girl appeared to always be calculating something, making her difficult to approach. She would even notice the tiniest change. Luckily, she couldn't sense changes in emotion, only physical things. Most things were unable to escape those calm and mysterious eyes of hers. He wondered how far she had reached. He took out a 10 sided mechanical lock. This was something that human computation ability shouldn't be able to solve. "Can you open it?"

Little Ye Tian looked at it, and had it opened before even 1 second had passed. She pouted, "It's nothing much. A 10 sided mechanical lock. Although it's 10 sided, the pattern is actually very easy to find. Using base 1000, substitute each of the thousand possibilities in order and solve using multidimensional mathematics. Compare the difference between each of your results, then do it once again and compare layer by layer. It's not hard."

Little Ye Tian's words astonished SpyingBlade. *This girl's IQ is definitely not 200! It has to at least be 300! She's simply a human supercomputer! Nothing difficult!?* He didn't know wether to laugh or cry. This was something no one could solve without the help of a supercomputer, yet it's not anything difficult? Something that took 10 of the world's greatest supercomputers to solve was done by a little girl within a second. He looked towards Ye Cang who was walking while preparing his cooking tools. They were polar opposites. Her father clearly suffered a double whammy (EQ and IQ).

"Brother SpyingBlade, I know what you're thinking. Father is an amazing, admirable, and respectable person; I won't allow you to look at him like that!" Little Ye Tian saw the look SpyingBlade was giving her father and exclaimed furiously.

"My bad, I was wrong." SpyingBlade saw how serious Little Ye Tian was and his heart warmed up. *This girl... I originally thought she was like a machine, always saying unfathomable things, but despite all that, she's still just like any other girl who adores her father. If possible, I want a daughter like this too. Too bad I don't have the luck to enjoy such a family life. CompassionateStar, this will be my season. I'll use everything to help you, and make you hate me or forget me.* He looked at Little Ye Tian who was still pouting angrily at him, and ruffled his own hair awkwardly. "I got it, Team Leader is an admirable person. Alright...?"

Little Ye Tian turned away with a 'that's better' expression, and noticed that Ye Cang wasn't paying attention. Currently Lin Le was distracting her father and talking about her bedwetting stories. "Lele!! Slandering me again!!!"

Lin Le grabbed the powerless little Ye Tian and raised his fist, bringing it down on her head. "I said call me Brother Le!!"

"Hah, Little Tian. Burning your wet bed sheet isn't good for the environment. Just let Nana wash it. There's nothing to be embarrassed about..." Ye Cang sighed and patted her head encouragingly.

Little Ye Tian felt extremely depressed. Wu Na just rolled her eyes. *That's your daughter. Why am I the one who has to clean it up!!?*

Little Ye Tian looked at Lin Le's sneer. *Damn Lele! Stinking Lele! Treacherous! Too hateful! I'll definitely get you back!* Seeing that Ye Cang had turned his back to them, she said in a low voice, "You..."

"Losers can't complain! Beat me at Ludo next time~~ Bleeeeh~~" Lin Le saw that Ye Cang and the others had gone ahead, and quickly made a face at her.

Little Ye Tian was clenching her jaw so hard it felt like her teeth would shatter. Ludo against Lin Le was the most humiliating thing in her life! It even made her doubt herself since a dumbass like Lele could beat her. "I'll defeat you..."

"Haha, it's still too early for you. I'm Lin Hai's Ludo Emperor! It's not just an empty title. Haha..." Lin Le walked away laughing like a villain leaving only the determined Little Ye Tian behind. SpyingBlade broke out in cold sweat. He thought of the common conflicts between brothers and sisters: fights, framing each other, competing for attention. In this regard, Lele was a pretty vicious person. Just what was he thinking under that ahoge of his? No one could understand. Both these children always listened to that scum.

FrozenCloud also noticed the farce. She looked over, coincidently seeing Zhang ZhengXiong make a tender expression. His eyes were as if he was watching the children next door, not in the creepy kind of way. Just what have they experienced together? She recalled that time when Shaking Bear had held her in his embrace while she cried onto his chest, and her charming face blushed. *I would never like a human bear!? Especially not such a playboy!*

Zhang ZhengXiong saw FrozenCloud staring at himself with a red face. With a profound sigh, he pulled her over. "Lil'Dino, I know you're interested in me, but I don't want our child getting corrupted by your genes, who otherwise would be smart and handsome inheriting mine."
