---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 10"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks1: "Super nature, FAiri110"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 10: Lunch Time

"Bro, are we going to go dig up the buried treasure now?" Zhang ZhengXiong said quietly, looking left and right.

Ye Cang nodded. "This matter should not be delayed. Let's leave town, then we'll talk."

The three of them stopped speaking and walked towards the southeast. As they passed a street, they ran into a crowd of players. Now was precisely the time when player activity in town was at it's peak. The monsters at night were too strong, most players had no choice but to form parties. Due to problems with torchlight and various other problems, most either chose to continue fighting at the farms or setting up a stall to trade. The surrounding players looked at the shortbow on Ye Cang's back and the rusty longsword at his waist, their eyes filled with envy. Most people were only at level 3 or 4, it was already considered pretty good to have one common weapon, let alone a ranged weapon.

"YellowSprings, what do you think of those three players?" A short haired man holding a longstaff with a resolute, square face, and a threatening aura asked, looked at Ye Cang's group of three. 

"New faces, they should be noobs. However, their operating ability should be decent. The big guy in the middle always has his two hands near his weapons, like an expert. The short one seems ordinary, he should have a strength based class. As for the white haired one, Truth be told, I'm unable to make sense of him. He looks random yet he gives people a bad feeling. However, all of their equipment is very good. How did they get a ranged weapon so quickly? Did you want to personally go recruit them?" The man dragging a long blade, who was called YellowSprings raised his eyebrows and smiled.

"For now I don't plan to. Let's just keep an eye on them for now." The short haired man faintly smiled. "Let's go, ScarletPeak and the others have discovered some ghouls."

Ye Cang and the others left where the players were gathering and lit a torch. They followed the river and disposed of a few wandering feral wolves before arriving at the pile of rocks.

"According to the map, it should be around here." Ye Cang arrived near the pile of rocks and stepped on the wet ground. 

The three of them took out shovels and started digging. Three holes later, Zhang ZhengXiong felt his shovel hit something hard and excitedly called out, "Treasure!!"

The three of them dug up the surrounding dirt and discovered a 30cm chest covered in dirt. Ye Cang slowly pulled it out. He extended a hand, with a crazy look in his eye. "Watch my divine hand in action."

Zhang ZhengXiong immediately locked hands with Ye Cang, restraining him. "Bro! There will be plenty of chances for you to experiment in the future! For now, let Lele open it!!

"You unfilial little brother! Release me! I want to open it!" Ye Cang reached out with his foot to try and open it. Zhang ZhengXiong hurried to block him.

Lin Le sighed and opened the wooden chest. Over ten golden coins, many silver coins, some jewelry, and a gold bar were quietly lying in the chest shining golden light. "Brother Lil'White! We're rich!!"

Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong quickly got up to take a look. 

11 gold, 50 silver, 1 gold bar, 1 gold ring, and 1 chrysoberyl (cat's eye).

>**Crude Gold Ring *(Common)***: Can be worn as an accessory.  
*PS: Although the workmanship is rough, it's still made of gold.*

>**Cyan Chrysoberyl**: An ordinary chrysoberyl.

Ye Cang quickly put everything away and looked at the sky which had started to change colors. "Go! Back to town! It's almost daytime and this place isn't far from where the people are. Once it's daytime, it'll be too dangerous!"

The three hurriedly returned using the same route. By the time they reached the edge of town, it was already dawn; the sun was slowly rising, lighting up their field of view. In all directions were all kinds of players looking for trouble and exploring. A new day had begun. However, for Ye Cang's group of three, it was time to take a break. They were forced to leave Conviction due to hunger.

"Brother Lil'White, the morning sun sure is..." Lin Le stretched and started speaking. Ye Cang gave him an annoyed look and interrupted, "It's already past noon..."

"So we played for so long..." Lin Le pouted. "I'm so hungry."

Ye Cang got his phone and prepared to get takeout.

The sound of a key being inserted came from outside and the door slowly opened. A tall, sweet looking girl with short hair, wearing a colorful flowery dress and high heeled sandals came in. In her two hands, she was carrying lunch boxes. She seemed very familiar with this place. This person was exactly Wu Na, however she didn't have her makeup on. She saw the three of them being speechless. "You guys! You should still eat when you're playing games. I just knew you guys hadn't eaten yet..."

"Nana, you're the best..." Lin Le took his share and started wolfing down his food as if he was in a rush. He ate while sobbing, "Waaah~! So delicious! This is the most delicious thing I've ever eaten! Wuu~..."

Zhang ZhengXiong was even more frantic. He almost ate the plastic container along with the food. He sobbed, feeling a bit sad, "Mm!"

"..." Wu Na broke into cold sweat. She quickly took out her own share and doubtfully sniffed and tasted it... It wasn't good at all. It was just the 50 federal dollars cafeteria takeout, healthy meat and vegetable set B. Didn't they use to say it was pig feed? She silently handed Ye Cang his share.

"Look at your guys!" Ye Cang stubbornly yelled.

"It's so delicious! Compared to last night..." Lin Le trembled, and continued eating. 

Wu Na looked at Ye Cang as he took his lunchbox. His hands were slightly trembling and his throat was gulping saliva. "..."

Wu Na slowly sat down, and looked at the three of them madly eating, having forgotten their manners. They looked like starving refugees. What exactly happened to them in Really New Village? She shrugged, split open her chopsticks and quietly ate.

After eating, Lin Le had the habit of taking an afternoon nap, so he went to sleep. Zhang ZhengXiong went to the loft to work out. Ye Cang went to the balcony and took a deep breath looking at the city college, like an endless stream. 

Wu Na watched Ye Cang, his hair under the sunlight looked silky and shined like gold. It had already been two years. Looking towards that thin figure, she slowly walked over, and couldn't help but give him a hug. With regards to their height, Wu Na was 175cm and Ye Cang was only 173cm. Without the high heels, she was still a bit taller, however compared to Zhang ZhengXiong's sturdy 2m body, she looked petite.

Ye Cang smelled a familiar fragrance, a soft and smooth feeling pressed on his back. His shoulders were encircled by two fair white arms. Wu Na's voice arrived in his ear, "I'm already level 4..."

"I think Lil'Xiong and Lele should already be level 5. We've also killed the first boss of our professional careers..." Ye Cang didn't turn back and faintly smiled. 

"Pretty awesome huh. Right now, there are very few level 5 players. Speaking of boss, we still haven't seen one..." Wu Na leaned her head forwards, slowly looked past his shoulder at the side of his face. His white eyelashes fluttered, and there was warmth in his pink pupils. Maybe it's because of laziness, but as far as others are concerned, Ye Cang was often called: 'That Strange White-Haired Guy'. However, to Wu Na, he was a very special existence. "How about I be your girlfriend?"

Ye Cang was startled, the subject changed too fast. "No."

"Eh, you answered so fast. Why?"

"Because you're an unknown singer of a non-mainstream band."

"... Get lost, are you serious?" Wu Na replied with a bit of expectation.

"There's no reason." Ye Cang indifferently shook his head.

"That so..." Wu Na slowly released her arms and lowered her head, on the verge of tears.

Ye Cang turned around and saw her, his heart feeling somewhat unwell.

"Just messing with you!!" Wu Na suddenly raised her head and made a silly face. "There's no way I'd go out with someone who doesn't even have an IQ of 80!!"

Ye Cang looked suspiciously at her.

"I'm going home, talk to you in the game! Don't forget to tell me when you reach level 10!!" Wu Na spoke and left the apartment.

"I really don't understand that silly girl." Ye Cang shrugged, with his hands clasped behind his back. He turned back around to look at the scenery and murmured, "Why... huh."

He quietly chuckled and turned to go inside.

Wu Na dejectedly arrived at home and feebly fell on her bed. She stared at her chandelier and wiped the tears that had not yet dried from her eyes. "Stupid Ye Cang..."

---

TN: Wu Na T.T I'm rooting for you. Good luck!