---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 12"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 12: The Elegant Arrow**

"Alright, remember to bring it to me as early as possible. You can go now." Mar said then sat down and continued sorting through documents.

The three of them walked out into the hall and noticed that the guards attitudes had changed 180 degrees, from the grumpy faces when they entered into the smiling nod now that they're leaving. They felt that their backs were straighter.

"Bro, Lele, we can now walk proudly in Really New Village..." Zhang ZhengXiong said quietly.

Ye Cang faintly smiled. "Let's go upgrade ourselves a bit, and we can also see if there's any reliable people. Prepare carefully for this quest."

The three of them followed the road and arrived at the south-east. They decided to first become familiar with the topography. They passed most of the players hunting near the outskirts and went deep into the forest. The paths were complicated and winding, the bushes were thick and seemed exceptionally dangerous. 

While out exploring, the feral wolves and boars were of no threat to them. With a machete in one hand and a shield in the other, Zhang ZhengXiong seemed especially strong and valiant. After battle, they would use the shield's ability to heal a little bit. As much as possible, they wanted to avoid eating the green slime and feral wolf stew. Ye Cang found many medical grasses, edible plants, and even many blood restoring grasses. Most of the blood restoring grass was found hidden under various shrubs, however there might also be dangerous beasts hiding there such as pythons.

Zhang ZhengXiong parted the shrubs, his shield held in front of him. Once it was safe, Ye Cang harvested the blood restoring grasses as well as some wild fruit. 

"Brother Lil'White, Brother Xiong, there's someone fighting a boss like creature over there." Lin Le jogged back from nearby. 

"Let's go have a look." Ye Cang slowly set forth. The three of them went to the top of the hill that Lin Le was pointing at and looked down the slope. They saw an area surrounded by shrubs and rocks forming a wall. 4 female players surrounded and were beating up a 3 meter tall white pheasant. It was swinging it's sharp claws and it's beak was penetrating small holes in the ground. Leading the fight was a short haired woman. She was tall and slender with long arms and legs like a model. In one hand was a longsword that wasn't much different than the one Ye Cang had, in the other was a wooden round shield. Among the other three, the short one was an assassin. A few magic missiles came from shooting from the hands of a girl with long blonde hair, who was standing a bit further away. The giant pheasant was continuously hit in the head. Why say there was 4? On the ground was a badly damaged body that wasn't even in one piece anymore. 

"Bro, they're so strong... They already have magic." Zhang ZhengXiong assessed.

Ye Cang could only agree. They were all experts. If the three of them were to encounter them, they could probably win by relying on their equipment and the acid vials, however there was a difference in experience. After all, they all appeared to be old hands at virtual reality games. As for that butt... Mm~, not bad.

"Let's go help them, and we could recruit them for our quest. We could even exchange numbers and stuff. Then, under my solid chest..."

"Slap~!" Ye Cang slapped Zhang ZhengXiong on the back of the head and indifferently said: "You're thinking too much, but we can try to make friends with them. Also, I want the short haired one in the middle. "

"..." Zhang ZhengXiong was speechless. Lin Le saw that they could make new friends and was excited. "Then what should we do now? Kill our way down?"

Ye Cang picked at his eyebrows and thought for a moment. 

"We need to make a dramatic entrance to get the attention of those girls. Let's give them a little surprise. Later, I'll shoot an arrow at the boss's eyes so they can see one of my elegant ten thousand arrows, eye burster. At this time, the girls will surely look towards us. The sun is in perfect position, such that our backs are to the sun. It'll make us look more mysterious, like heroes. Our impression will definitely rise. Then A'Xiong will take the lead to tank the boss and use his shield to heal the short haired girl. Lele, be energetic and give the boss a big hit..." Ye Cang started planning his script. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le listened and silently nodded their heads.  

"Sister Rose! The boss's life should be low!" The long haired girl said to the short haired one. She took her staff and carefully hit the boss instead of shooting magic missiles. The boss's reaction was a bit slower than usual. 

"Don't get careless! We're almost at our limits too. We don't have enough health to make even a single mistake!" The one being called sister Rose was indeed the leader of Thorns and Roses - 'Miss Rose' - ThornyRose. The assassin player beside the boss, freely and unceasingly attacking, was the famous 'Night Empress' - FrozenBlood. "Mm!" 

Furthermore, the long, blonde haired girl was a core member that the guild was nurturing - GreenDew.

Ye Cang and the three had just arrived behind the shrubs. 

"Ok, follow my plan..." Ye Cang said. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le nodded with a very serious expression.

Ye Cang parted the bush. Grabbed an arrow. Placed it on his bow. Pulled the string taut. Concentrated. Aimed. 

"Bro, can you let me have the short haired one. Her butt is just too irresistible..." Zhang ZhengXiong words made Ye Cang unable to stop himself from lowering his gaze to watch the swaying butt. Lin Le saw that his arrow slowly lowered too. He tapped on Ye Cang's shoulder and reminded him: "Brother Lil'White! Your aim..."

Because of Lin Le's words and the tap on his shoulder, Ye Cang absent-mindedly loosened his fingers. "Shoo~" The arrow left the bowstring and accurately stabbed into ThornyRose's butt. In fact, it was a bullseye, right in the middle.

"...is off." Lin Le finished muttering, his hand frozen on the spot.

"..." Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le immediately froze.

ThornyRose felt a sharp pain in her back door. The system reminded her that she was attacked by a player. She immediately turned to looked at where the arrow had struck and froze. Her heart felt heavy as many thoughts crossed her mind. Most of them about how her face had been tarnished. To be humiliated in this way, rage started to overflow. "F\*\*k! Who was it! I'll kill him! I'll definitely kill him!" She furiously looked up and saw three different looking silhouettes, but due to the sunlight, she couldn't see what they looked like. "You!!"

"Sister Rose, careful!!" GreenDew yelled.

ThornyRose, who had lost all rationality, couldn't react in time. The boss's beak accurately struck her head causing her health reached 0 and she died, her eye's still overflowing with fury, hatred, and unwillingness. The arrow sticking out of her butt seemed extremely dazzling.  

FrozenBlood saw ThornyRose's tragic death and yelled: "Leader!!" At this time, while she was distracted, the pheasant boss swept out with it's foot and stepped, turning her into a corpse. Her eye's were full of unwillingness.

As for the only remaining person, the gentle looking magician GreenDew,  her heart sank as she saw the angry pheasant boss looking at her. She hurried to turn and run away, gnashing her teeth as she looked at the three on the hill, her eyes filled with coldness. "Scumbags! We'll get you back!!"

"That... Bro. If they revive and we explain ourselves, do you think they'll forgive us and still exchange contacts?" Zhang ZhengXiong murmured, looking at the magician that got crushed by the boss.

"Eh..." Ye Cang looked startled at his fingers, that had just caused a chain of deaths. He then turned to Lin Le, unwilling to take responsibility. "Lele! It's all your fault! You surprised me!"

Lin Le pouted, feeling wronged. "I just wanted to remind you..."