---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 22"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 22: Volcano Hot Spring**
 
Ye Cang dismantled Sai's corpse and got: Volcano Bat's Tooth, Volcano Bat's Skin, Volcano Bat's Meat, as well as a Small Sonic Crystal
 
Small Sonic Crystal: This is a creature core that can produce sound waves. Can grind into powder and add to food (Good for your throat).
 
He also dismantled the bodies of the bats that littered the floor.
 
Lin Le again displayed the might of his lucky hands. He found an +1 Intelligence, Fine Quality but shabby looking, Black Cloth Gown. It was given to GreenDew.
 
Ye Cang arrived at the tepid pool of water. He tried to identify it with his skill.
 
Volcano Hot Spring: A natural spring on a volcano. Can soak in it after removing equipment. Will recover health and mana. Soak for a period of time and receive fire resistance +5 for 2 hours.
 
So good? Ye Cang quickly stripped till he was in his underpants. His butt hit the water as he cannonballed in causing a splash. ThornyRose saw him strip and jump into the water and looked at him suspiciously. This low life sure has some nerve. Turns out he was a degenerate pervert. She said unhappily: "Hey! Hey! Take note of your surroundings!"
 
Lin Le saw Ye Cang bathing in the water, and pouted not wanting to fall behind. He threw his axe away, stripped, and like a carp, splashed into the water. Zhang ZhengXiong rubbed his brows and humphed~. Not wanting to lose the others, he stripped revealing his monstrous physique, and raised his hand like a gymnast before a performance. "One! Two! Three! Jump!" He jumped high and performed two flips before entering the water.
 
"These three bastards have some nerve..." ThornyRose's heart felt heavy as she roared at them: "You guys! What the hell are you doing!? I already said to pay attention to your surroundings! Hurry and heal up so we can continue exploring!"
 
"Bathing in this water will give you 5 fire resistance for two hours. Moreover it will restore your health and mana." Ye Cang indifferently said. He then took out a hand-towel, placed it on the volcanic rock on the side and leaned back to relax. 
 
"What!? It will recover mana?" ThornyRose said excited. GreenDew already used up her mana, and now something just came up to resolve that headache. Waiting around for it to recover naturally was too annoyingly slow, but if they didn't wait, they would be missing an important damage dealer for the next boss fight. But how did he know?
 
"He should have some sort of identifying ability. Since he has a gathering skill, he probably has an identifying skill too." FrozenBlood saw the doubt in ThornyRose's eyes and quietly said.
 
ThornyRose nodded. Although she still had some doubt, she approached the hotspring planning to enter.
 
"Right, you have to remove your equipment and let as much of your skin as you can touch the water for it to be effective." Ye Cang added after seeing the three girls were going to enter the water just like that.
 
"You've got to be doing this on purpose!?" ThornyRose said, dipping her foot in. This guy wouldn't be trying to take advantage of them, would he? Yet after thinking it over, it had to be so.
 
"If you don't believe then forget it..." Ye Cang shrugged. He slowly closed his eyes, resting. Zhang ZhengXiong started getting excited, he pretend to close his eyes and be in deep thought. Lin Le was like a child, swimming around the hot spring, diving around, and jumping in and out of the water. He looked like a happy little dolphin.
 
The three women hesitated. ThornyRose brought the girls behind a stalagmite to strip. Although they still had their undergarments on, they wrapped themselves in a towel before walking out and slowly entering the water. The water had a relaxing effect, after fighting all the way here, bathing was extremely comfortable. Moreover the recovery effect was pretty good. 
 
"Sister Rose, it's really recovering my mana..." GreenDew said happily.
 
FrozenBlood got in the water and slowly removed her towel. She found a spot by the side and leaned back, relaxing her arms.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong tried hard to observe through squinted eyes. That cleavage, those long white legs. It was a wonderful body. His face full of happiness made ThornyRose sigh. "Hah~ that smelly pervert."
 
The hot spring's warm healing waters glimmered slightly and emitted a light steam, looking very beautiful. The 5 watched Lin Le swimming around and smiled. His body dived down as his little butt stuck out like a duck.
 
"Bro, I have a good idea. Next year on the combat test, we should take even more instructors and students as hostages and force them to pass us. What do you think?" Zhang ZhengXiong leaned over and asked. 
 
"That's too easy for them. They must pay the price for kicking us out. You should toughen up. Next time, our targets will be the head instructor and the command center." Ye Cang said with a cold smile. 
 
Although ThornyRose wasn't really listening, she heard the keyword combat test. They were student at a city college? "Which of the five schools do you go to?"
 
"LinHai." Ye Cang replied.
 
"LinHai, during the five schools competition, they always rank in the lower half. They're only a little bit better than ShanLan." ThornyRose laughed.
 
"5 Schools competition? What's that? I feel like I've heard of it before..." Ye Cang looked puzzled.
 
"I've heard about it. It's a competition to decide the rankings of the 5 schools." Zhang ZhengXiong knew a bit, but not much.
 
"F\*\*k! Have some common sense! You don't even know about the 5 schools competition!? Are you a student of the city college or not!? Every 2 years, the 5 schools meet up to decide their ranking. They send out the best of the best to participate. Elite students among elites!" ThornyRose shouted, feeling stressed. Then with some pride, she thought back to when she was a member of the imperial capital city college's team. She looked over at FrozenBlood. That's when the two of them became partners.
 
FrozenBlood also recalled their times at the city college, and couldn't believe that it's already been two years since they graduated. She smiled and looked back at ThornyRose.
 
"So?" Ye Cang thought for a bit and indifferently replied.
 
ThornyRose looked at his uncaring, indifferent expression and felt a burst of rage. She didn't know what to do with this bastard that had no common sense. She was about to shout at him again when she heard Lin Le's voice. In his hand was a red crystal. "Brother Lil'White! Under the water, I found a hole with a small wooden chest. Inside I found this." 
 
Bachiya's Natural Protection Rune: Use to absorb Bachiya Volcano's heat. Form a protective shield around allies within 10 meters, which absorbs up to 125 points of fire damage. Lasts 10 seconds. (Uses: 1, Can only be used on the Bachiya Volcano.)
 
ThornyRose saw the effects of the rune and was amazed. 125 fire damage? So much? It was clearly meant for a specific scenario. Now they could be sure that there was still a boss in this volcano, one that had an AOE fire attack. Lin Le was really too lucky. He could even find a hidden item like this.
 
"You should hold onto it. It'll probably be useful later."  Ye Cang took the crystal, got up and slowly walked over to ThornyRose to give it to her. 
 
Only after hearing her answer did Ye Cang nod and sit back down to relax like nothing had happened. 
 
FrozenBlood stared shocked. GreenDew's mouth was hanging open. 
 
Zhang ZhengXiong was full of grief and envy. If he knew, he would have volunteered to hand over the crystal.
 
ThornyRose finally reacted, her face becoming red. She felt like she wanted to get angry but couldn't release her rage. Her hands held the crystal tightly and she gnashed her teeth, watching the indifferent Ye Cang. She wanted to pounce over and tear those indifferent cheeks apart.  That lowlife! Smelly rogue!

---

TN: Any idea what she's mad about? I assume it's because in the process of walking towards her, he saw her bathe? x.x Confused.