---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 26"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

TN: Felt uncomfortable typing out some of the swearing so it's slightly sensored.

---

**Chapter 26: An Awkward Scene**
 
Lin Le used as much strength as he could to chop down and left a deep scar on the solid arm, which was now dripping blood. Zhang ZhengXiong took this opportunity to hastily roll away, dodging the chopping axe. In the dust cloud created by the axe hitting the ground, a machete slashed towards the creature's abdomen.  FrozenBlood also took this chance to pounce over, she stepped off the axe on the ground and stabbed towards his throat, activating Linked Attacks, causing a blood flower to blossom from his neck. She then gracefully landed on the ground with a roll and got away. The whole thing was so beautiful and agile. Zhang ZhengXiong and ThornyRose continued to attack at it's abdomen.
 
GreenDew's magic missiles also whistled out. Two smashed into his head and another two hit his shoulder. A windblade struck his face leaving behind a wound that was not light.
 
"Ah! !@#! !@#$!$%$^!" A tremendous roar sounded. The axe in Curse's hand started emitting a violent flame. He spun creating a garish ring of fire. Everyone quickly retreated, but were still barely hit by the edges of the ring of fire, losing quite a bit of health.
 
"He said, you bunch of cockroaches! You dare to injure me! Then a bunch more profanities." Ye Cang didn't forget to translated as he sent an arrow through the ring of fire, hitting Curse's left eye, causing him to cry out in pain.
 
ThornyRose was speechless. "At this time, he's still translating!?" She thought as she ran away from Curse looking for cover.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong roared angrily. Directly charging over, he planned to forcefully pass through the ring of fire. He activated his breastplate's fire protection and raised his machete, slashing at Curse's face.

Curse's ring of fire gradually dissipated. He raised his axe and chopped down. Zhang ZhengXiong stood stably and raised his shield. Blocking the axe, he felt like he was hit by a thousand pounds of weight. The scorched earth under his feet sank in creating a small hole and he lost a third of his health. Ye Cang shot another arrow, this time in an arc, again accurately hitting his eye, then he quickly hid behind a stalagmite. From there he ran to another location. He only had 6 arrows left, he had to make each one count. He even canceled rapid fire to increase his accuracy, just to be safe. 

Along with a sudden roar, Curse's whole body was covered in violent flames forcing the people in melee back. "Arashi bala nori<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>! !@$sad..."

The lava under the cracks on the ground started becoming active and rising. Relying on her experience, ThornyRose knew it was time. "Gather!!"
 
Ye Cang continued to shoot as he ran. Before even reaching the flames, the arrow burnt to ashes, dealing no damage. "He said, let the flames purify your worthless selves!"
 
Ye Cang's words made ThornyRose even more sure. "Hurry!!"
 
Everyone madly dashed towards ThornyRose. They all squeeze in together not far from from Curse. The lava began to flow out of the cracks. 
 
With a wave of Curse's axe, the magma gathered and a tsunami like wave rushed forth towards them. ThornyRose used the rune stone. A red protective film enveloped the six of them, then she shouted: "Go! We don't know if it'll hold up!"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong took the lead and everyone followed closely behind. GreenDew had started chanting her spell the moment she got into position. Ye Cang looked at the wave of lava. Standing before it, his bow and arrow would be useless. He could only charge with the rest of them.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong, like a berserk bear, charged through the wave of lava. Two thirds of his fire barrier was consumed. On Curse's face was an expression of shock and disbelief. He saw the attack coming closer as well as 4 others behind it and his heart sank. It's actually Bachiya's protection!! How could this be!!
 
Just as the wave of lava flowed past GreenDew, magic missiles whizzed out. Ye Cang jumped and his longsword flashed, stabbing towards Curse's head. Lin Le showed no quarters, and chopped at his neck with his axe. ThornyRose held her longsword with two hands and thrust towards his heart. FrozenBlood used her daggers and stabbed them as hard as she could into his chest from the right. 
 
Curse screamed as this was happening. The flames on his body exploding out, breaking everyone's fire barrier. But that's all it managed to do. Zhang ZhengXiong faced him and fired his ring's skill. Light flashed, and Curse who was planning to use the ability again fell into disorder. He fell over, leaving his spot in the center of the room. The magic missiles smashed into the top of his head.
 
"Aaaah!!" Curse produced a mournful wail. His skill was interrupted and he started wildly swinging around with his axe. Zhang ZhengXiong activated the follow up ability of his ring, which decreased damage dealt to him, and used his shield to block the incoming axe. Lin Le jumped high and caught hold of Curse's head. He used Crossed-Eyes and succeeded. Curse once again was afflicted with a status effect, this time staring into space.
 
Ye Cang quickly shouted: "Everyone stop! Don't directly attack him!"
 
ThornyRose had her weapon held high and stopped, confused. She saw Curse staring off into space, and immediately understood what kind of magic he was under. Confusion!
 
Ye Cang sheathed his sword, taking out his longbow. He readied an arrow and asked: "GreenDew, how much longer for your magic!?"
 
GreenDew, in the middle of chanting, put up three fingers. 
 
Ye Cang squinted and aimed at Curse's eye. His bowstring taut as he started counting: "3, 2, 1!!"
 
The final attack that everyone prepared struck down together. By the time Curse regained his mind, he was already powerless, and loudly fell to the ground.
 
"Congratulations. You've slain 'Lava Lamia - Curse'. Received 550 experience."
 
Everyone breathed out a sigh of relief. However, GreenDew saw that after Ye Cang shot his arrow, he quickly started running towards the boss who was just starting to becoming a corpse. By the time the boss died, Ye Cang was just about to reach it. Everyone had relaxed when she loudly shouted: "The unlucky one is there!!"
 
Zhang Zhengxiong, who had slightly relaxed his guard, abruptly turned around. He sensed something moving past his shoulder. He was careless! The moment the boss died, he became careless. He thought to himself: "Bro, you're too cunning." 
 
Ye Cang's two eyes shined with excitement. Passing by Zhang ZhengXiong, he leaped, reaching out his hand. "Watch my divine hand! Divine tool! Come!!"

ThornyRose's heart sank. They definitely couldn't let him loot the corpse! They had painstakingly made it this far! They couldn't lose it all just like that! To fight the boss and end up with nothing! Without any hesitation, like a pouncing cheetah, she dived and blocked the corpse with her body. 
 
Ye Cang reached out his right hand to touch the boss, and ended up tightly grabbing her left breast. They crashed into each other and landed not even two meters away from the boss.
 
They landed in a very compromising position. Their two lips were stuck together, his hand still on her breast, and their bodies sticking much too closely together.
 
ThornyRose froze. Ye Cang's indifferent expression also couldn't help but show some surprise, not knowing what to do. 
 
Even the cold FrozenBlood had her mouth hanging open in surprise. GreenDew covered her mouth with both hands, filled with disbelief. Zhang ZhengXiong felt a mixture of regret and envy. Lin Le was embarrassed so he turned to loot the corpse.
 
FrozenBlood took out a virtual camera and faintly smiled. "Say cheese~!" Click~ She then murmured: "Next time we meet with the girls, there will be so much gossip..."
 
ThornyRose blushed and quickly got up, with a light muah~. Her face became even more red. She looked at FrozenBlood and quickly said: "Icy! You!"
 
Strangely, both of them ended up standing at the same time. Ye Cang had quickly regained his indifferent expression and slowly got up. However, his hand was still forming claws, in the shape of her 36Es as his fingers squeezed the air. He indifferently said: "Madam, please conduct yourself more appropriately."
 
Slap~!
 
"Bastard! Perverted lowlife! F\*\*k you!!"
 
Her frantic and angry shout along with the sound of a loud slap, resounded throughout the volcano.  
 
Zhang Zhengxiong, Lin Le, and FrozenBlood had managed to get a picture of the moment he was slapped, her angry face, as well as his faintly smiling expression.

---

TN: Poor ThornyRose... She's only had bad luck since meeting them... And I'm pretty sure it will only get worse :P

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Complete gibberish.