---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 33"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 33: Wu Na Moving In
 
The three guy's apartment became Wu Na's temporary home. She had even brought some daily necessities over, leaving them in the den she made for herself above Ye Cang's room. Although Ye Cang kept reassuring her that it was safe now, she continued to stay. To their new female roommate, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le had no objections. In fact they were very happy as she brought with her quite a few good changes. Ye Cang felt helpless, when he thought of Wu Na's recent scare and her lack of security, he couldn't say anything to oppose it..
 
After just one day, the three guys felt like the apartment became much more like a human's dwelling. There were four toothbrushes neatly arranged in the washroom, the mirror was now intact and free of any cracks, and the shampoo was no longer some unknown knockoff.
 
"So your current apartment is just going to be left empty?" At dinner, Zhang ZhengXiong asked.
 
"No. I handed it over to a rental company to help me rent it out. Receiving some rent is pretty good. Many younger girls are calling me about it." Wu Na smiled.
 
"We'll I won't say too much. To Nana becoming our roommate, cheers!" Ye Cang said raising his can of beer. The other 3 raised their cans, knocking them together and cheered.
 
Wu Na fiddled with her hair that went just past her chin as she looked at Ye Cang. It's already been two years. It was him who warmed her frozen heart after her parents met an unexpected accident, and pushed her to start chasing her dreams. She knew her voice wasn't the best, and also knew she didn't have anything special; however when she was up on stage singing, she was the happiest. Him, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Lele were her very first audience, standing below the stage cheering for her. But his back always seemed so far away, she couldn't find a way to enter his heart. Sometimes he seemed as cold as snow, but whenever she needed help, he was always there. He'd extend those pale but peerlessly strong hands... She shook her head to stop her thoughts from drifting. With a bit of sorrow, she thought, "Right... Two years have passed just like that..."
 
"Brother Lil'White! Tonight they're broadcasting the movie version of 'Sisters'. I heard there's a scene where they crush balls with their bare hands!" Lin Le reminded.
 
"It's so popular? Then I definitely have to watch it..." Ye Cang's interest had been piqued. Zhang ZhengXiong was also curious. Although he wasn't a fan of 'Sisters', but that was something he had to see.
 
Wu Na facepalmed. A pair of sisters in the streets, in their home, in the mall, in the washroom, in the park, always changing places to pull each other's hair, fight and make a scene. It was that kind of drama. For these three guys to be so obsessed. She laughed and said, "Let's watch 'The Adventures of Hot Guys', there's so many hot guys in it..."
 
The air seemed to freeze as the three of them turned to look at her expressionlessly. Then they pretended not to hear anything and resumed what they were doing. Ye Cang doubtfully asked, "What do you think her boyfriend A'Xiang's balls are made of? Last time one got crushed, then a few episodes later, it grew right back. It's too inconceivable."
 
"It's just because the story requires it. There's no reason or logic behind it." Zhang ZhengXiong said as he crossed his arms and raised his eyebrows.
 
"Who says. You haven't even seen all the episodes. They vaguely mentioned before that A'Xiang studied two years with some monk like guy. I'm sure that monk was an immortal and taught A'Xiang some mystical ball restoring technique." Lin Le pouted and argued.
 
Wu Na felt like shooting herself in the head. Lele's words were even more unreasonable than that son of a b\*\*\*h writer's. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong nodded like they'd suddenly seen the light. "So that's how it was..." 
 
Wu Na started to question whether moving in was a good idea. She resisted the urge to smash the TV. After the two and a half hours of watching that thing... 'Sisters', just how meaningless of a show was it? Besides hair pulling, clothes tearing, stockings ripping, and ball crushing, there wasn't a single emotional moment. It literally just started with profanities then there was just the sounds of screaming as they pounced on each other. It was an action movie with regular people. These three actually watched it and were cheering. She gave a deep sigh, at least it was finally over.
 
"Brother Lil'White, that was so good. Let's watch it again." Lin Le said wishfully.
 
"Good idea, second showing!" Ye Cang stroked his chin and approved. Zhang ZhengXiong had discovered some provocative camera slipups, but he wasn't sure. He needed to watch again to be certain so he nodded. 
 
Wu Na was pulling her hair on the verge of going insane. She fiercely looked at the three and coldly said, "Play it again, and I'll do that thing in the movie to you..."
 
The three of them looked at her messy hair, and her blood thirsty eyes. They unconsciously covered their family jewels.
 
Late at night, Wu Na heard Lele's quiet snoring. Although she was in a pitch black room, she didn't feel any fear. Instead, she felt an indescribable sense of security. She peeked at the balcony and saw a white silhouette. He hadn't slept yet? It's so late, what was he doing on the balcony? Watching the stars? The moonlight shone on his hair, giving it a soft but sad color.
 
Ye Cang looked at the beer in his hand, a bit absentminded. "So it's this brand..."
 
"A'Xiong, A'Cang, you're not adults yet, you can't drink beer! But today, the flower shop got a big wedding order, so I'll let you have one~ Cheers!"
 
"I already said, you two smelly brats could only have one! You're still opening another!?"
 
Ye Cang faced the moon and smiled gently. Wu Na felt a pain in her chest. What was he thinking about? What made him smile like that? Although he was smiling, Wu Na felt like he was standing in the winter snow, waiting for spring to come and the birds to sing. She still didn't know anything at all about him; his past, or what he thinks of himself. She slowly got out of bed and arrived beside him. "What are you thinking about?"
 
"Nothing, just some past events..." Ye Cang chugged the rest of his drink and smiled as he pet her head. "Junior sister~"
 
"Get lost! We're in the same grade, that time was because you tricked me!" Wu Na said unhappily, but she continued to allow him to pet her head.
 
"You should go sleep..." Ye Cang said with a gentle smile. He turned to go back inside. Wu Na sighed and faced the moon, smiling. "Mm~..."
 
The second day, afternoon, the four of them logged into the game.
 
Really New Village.
 
Ye Cang's group of three first went to Rica's general store and replenished their consumables. They stayed a while to tease Jesse before leaving.
 
Lin Le, with Ye Cang's advice and Zhang ZhengXiong's warnings, happily hopped and skipped to the village square to find a little brother. When the people saw the enormous axe on his back, they felt envy and jealousy. He was bombarded by many requests to be a couple, or to carry, or to party together.
 
The other two arrived at their meeting area. Ye Cang saw that ThornyRose was online. He contacted her using her ID. "Not here yet?"
 
ThornyRose received the message and sighed. "We're preparing in the village, won't take long."
 
Ye Cang ended the chat. Together with Zhang ZhengXiong, he sat on the grass to wait. While waiting for the girls and Lin Le to arrive, he thought about strategies for the next combat test.
