---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 41"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks1: "shizu yami"
comments: true
---

TN: A few changes again. 

Fishman Chief Gil Raji -> Gil Rage (Doesn't Raji sound sorta like rage? I was slow to notice)

Guard Captain -> Lieutenant (It was that title they got for handing in the werewolf bounty for those who don't remember)

Specialization -> Perk (I also considered talent or feat, but ultimately decided on perk cause I felt like it.) (Changed to talent)

---

**Chapter 41: Blue Scaled Fishman Cave**
 
Everyone fainted for a short time. The first thing they did upon waking was to stick a finger in their throats but none of them managed to puke the stew out.
 
Ye Cang calmly got up, wiped his mouth, and stored the remaining half of the pot of stew. He walked up to the distressed FrozenCloud who was covering her mouth. He patted her back gratefully. "Lil'Dino, good job. You've passed the test."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong clapped his hands. "I knew you could do it Lil'Dino..."
 
Lin Le forced a smile on his face. "Lil'Dino, congratulations..."
 
FrozenCloud, who was kneeling on the ground, looked at the three of them and became even more distressed.
 
"Don't just sit there, let's move while we have the buff." ThornyRose said unhappily.
 
GreenDew knew there was still another half a pot that they hadn't eaten yet. She weakly asked without forgetting to be polite: "Party Leader PaleSnow, that half pot..."
 
"We'll eat it next time we have to heal. Don't worry, there is enough for you too." Ye Cang answered calmly, making GreenDew's heart beat quicken due to fear. She thought to herself: "F\*\*k! The way he says it makes me sound like a glutton!"
 
Everyone got goosebumps hearing that they'd have to eat it again. Even FrozenBlood who had strong willpower was shivering. ThornyRose asked: "You really can't make it taste any better? I'll settle for bad or really bad. Your food can't even be called food."
 
Everyone nodded. Even Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le betrayed him and nodded with them.
 
"This time was unexpected. Next time I'll adjust the recipe and it should be better. This is the body of two elites, don't waste them. Hah~ the art of cooking is so profound, there's always more to learn. Forget it, you guys wouldn't understand even if I told you..." Ye Cang spoke like a lonely master and continued walking along the shallows.
 
ThornyRose and the girls felt their hearts sink, and chose to remain silent. They looked with guarded eyes as they yearned to roar out: "You have no right to talk about culinary arts!"
 
Everyone took advantage of the Werewolf and Fishman stew's buff, and traveled quickly up the river. They ran into a few waves of fishmen, but they dealt with it skillfully. Lin Le's attacks were super strong attacks. He would use his AOE fire attack to knock the fishmen fighters over and then he would use his tornado strike, smashing through their ranks like a meat grinder. ThornyRose couldn't stop her sighs as she thought about Lin Le's AOE skills and Ye Cang's healing stream. Having Zhang ZhengXiong also reduced the pressure on the team.
 
The three of them made SpyingBlade speechless. Although every day they ran into some crazy situations, but the three of them always agreed on matters. Their teamwork was no less than that of ThornyRose and FrozenBloods, the famous golden partners of the virtual world. That Shaking Bear's pressure, PaleSnow's accuracy, and HappyAndCheerful's power; the three of them together made up the most important part of the team. Also that PaleSnow, now that they were fighting together, he noticed how dangerous he was. That sword strike, the him now had no way to dodge it. Although he rarely fought in melee, but when he did, his movements were precise and simple. He felt like a guy that doesn't hold back. As for that FrozenCloud, she showed a lot of potential. She should be FrozenBlood's little sister, that rising star. Could it be that they didn't know? He really couldn't understand their relationship. Well he was only here for the hidden story quest, it had nothing to do with him. 
 
After two more sittings to restore health, that taste had already become a shadow in FrozenCloud's heart. The group had arrived at a cave by the water. Standing outside it were some fishmen guards.
 
"This should be the place, the system already asked if I wanted to enter the instance." Ye Cang said as he calmly looked at everyone.
 
"Mm. Now that we're here, everyone should not hold back. Whatever useful items you have, take them out." ThornyRose said with her eyes fixed on Ye Cang. 
 
Ye Cang felt her burning gaze. He turned away to look at the sky and lazily said: "So blue..."
 
"Mm, it is..." Lin Le also raised his head to looked up.
 
ThornyRose rolled her eyes. Only his group could have some good consumables, because Lele was a hidden class. Although she didn't know which one, but it definitely had something to do with alchemy. Seeing them play dumb, she clenched her teeth: "Damn lowlife! We'll buy it at market value."
 
"This is a Minor Flame Flask, and this one is a Small Health Potion, 10 silver each." Ye Cang quickly went to Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong, and pulled out some things. For the hidden story quest, they would have distributed it anyways. But since they could earn a bit, then might as well.
 
SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud were amazed when they saw the stats. These guys were still holding onto such good stuff?
 
ThornyRose raised her eyebrows, 10 silver was a bit expensive, more importantly, coins were just too rare. However, these things were absolutely worth the price. She already knew about the Minor Flame Flasks, cause she was there when the recipe dropped. What surprised her was that they even had Small Health Potions. "How many do you guys have?"
 
"12 Small Health Potions, 11 Minor Flame Flasks." Ye Cang checked then reported.
 
"For the Healing Potions, we want 4. I'll take two, Shaking Bear should take 3, everyone else can have one each. I'll also take 4 of the Flame Flasks. Can I pay in federal dollars?" ThornyRose asked. Now that coins were rare, if she could save it, she would. 
 
Ye Cang shook his head. Right now he didn't need any federal dollars. 
 
ThornyRose sighed but didn't argue. She took out 80 silver coins and handed them over.
 
SpyingBlade didn't hesitate, he directly took out 20 silver and got one each. After they finished distributing them all, Ye Cang had 2 flame flasks, Zhang ZhengXiong also had two, and Lin Le and FrozenCloud had one each. 
 
"Since we're all ready, let's go in and finish as soon as possible." ThornyRose reminded.
 
Ye Cang nodded. He turned and entered the cave, starting the instance.
 
Everyone followed closely behind. The cave was exceptionally damp and there was the occasional sound of water dripping. They lit their torches and followed the passage wall forwards. The long and narrow passage eventually opened up into a spacious cavern. They could hear some grumbling, then suddenly, a few robust looking fishmen holding harpoons charged over.
 
"Three fishmen warriors, all elite grade. They said: "I want these invaders dead!" Ye Cang raised his bow and an arrow instantly shot out.  
 
Fishman Warrior (Elite): Elite guards of the fishmen.
 
"Go! Hold them back!" ThornyRose, Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud ran up to welcome them. SpyingBlade, FrozenBlood and Lin Le followed behind them. They had already fought a few battles together so they knew what to do. GreenDew began casting her spell. 
 
A violent arrow shot forwards and hit one of the fishmen warriors in the eye, causing it to roar out in pain. Ye Cang continued to translate: "He said 'Aaaahhhh, it hurts!'"
 
ThornyRose was speechless. What was he doing! Her longsword set ablaze and slashed towards the one injured by Ye Cang. FrozenCloud crossed her tonfas to block a harpoon coming from the right and then attacked with her knees. Lin Le went up to support her, his battle axe swung and chopped at it's neck. The axe hit it's chest instead, leaving a deep gash.