---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 101"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 101: Hunter Yak**
 
After they finished their meal, they leaned back in their chairs feeling satisfied. Zhang ZhengXiong stretched lazily, and suddenly recalled the hot spring in the volcano. "Bro, I suddenly feel like going to a hot spring..."
 
Lin Le fiercely nodded his head. "Me too. Me too."
 
Ye Cang faintly smiled. "Really... what do I do with you guys. Let's just go on our rest days. We'll go to a seaside, outdoor hot spring inn. Since we've made so much money, we should enjoy it."
 
"Really? Awesome, I also want to relax." Wu Na said happily.
 
Little Ye Tian didn't know how bathing in a hot spring felt; she only knew that it was effective at recovering from fatigue, as well as how it's formed, and its molecular composition. However, she also nodded and smiled like everyone else. *They all think it's really comfortable, then it should be really good.*
 
"I'll book an inn, since you guys wouldn't know which one's are good!" Wu Na quickly took out her cell phone and began fiddling with it.
 
Ye Cang couldn't help smiling. "Let's go continue our quest. They should be waiting."
 
The four of them returned to the mine, and saw everyone had already arrived. Ye Cang nodded gratefully. "Sorry for keeping you..."
 
ThornyRose ground her teeth. *As long as you know!! We had to wait for over an hour for you guys to eat!!* She immediately took a deep breath, put on a smile, and took out a mahjong<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> table. "No problem, we have to wait a while longer anyways. Since we're all here, let's play a few rounds."
 
ThornyRose sneered in her heart. *When this lady was in the imperial campus, I was even a match for those black bellied woman. Today I want you to bleed!!*
 
Ye Cang pondered, then looked towards Lin Le. "Lele, go play a few rounds with them."
 
ThornyRose thought to herself, he wasn't going to play personally? Naturally, if it was Ye Tian, she would have immediately rejected. That little girl's calculation ability was too strong. Just after a few tiles, she would have already predicted everyone's hands.
 
NalanMoon was also rather eager to play. SpyingBlade slowly walked over to watch.
 
The four of them rolled the dice, and Lin Le became dealer. ThornyRose looked at Lin Le's foolish expression, and she felt a bit troubled. *Lele, it's not that this sister is cruel. It's just that that Brother Lil'White of yours owes me too much. Today, I'll have him spit out blood!!* FrozenBlood waited patiently for her turn. NalanMoon's expression was as if she was facing a nemesis. ThornyRose was really good at Mahjong, she had already experienced it before. However, she herself was not bad.
 
The big battle could begin at any moment.
 
At this time, Lin Le drew a tile, and directly revealed his hand. "Heavenly Hand<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>. 13 Orphans<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup>. Pay up. Pay up. How much are we playing for?"
 
Everyone froze. ThornyRose who was reaching for a tile, also froze. Her hand stopped in midair. Looking at that dazzling hand: 1 of Characters, 9 of Characters, 1 of Bamboo (Bird), 9 of Bamboo, 1 of Dots, 9 of Dots, East, South, West, North, Red Dragon, Green Dragon, White Dragon. Everyone couldn't help but stare.
 
The spectating FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade were also stunned. Instant kill? That insta-kill would lose them a fortune.
 
Ye Cang sneered. *Crazy old lady, plotting against me? At the elder's activity center, Lele won the gold medal and is called The Divine Little Bird. Those old grandpas and grandmas, fathers and wives, all become terror stricken when he appears. The moment they hear Lele enter, the entire activity center will be empty within 3 seconds. He's even been blacklisted by every casino.* He sighed, those were some of his moneymaking schemes.
 
ThornyRose and the others heard his question and looked at his innocent smile. They felt like they heard a tender sneer saying: "Humph! Just this bit of ability and you want to cheat me of my money!? I'll make you lose to death!"
 
"Cough~ Cough~ Lele, we're not playing for money. Moreover, gambling is against the law~" ThornyRose quickly put away the mahjong table. *You want to count f\*\*king money? Just 1 copper per point and I'd lose my entire family fortune. Heavenly Hand + Thirteen Orphans!* In her mind, she banned him from both rolling and playing mahjong.
 
FrozenBlood also quickly got up and pretended to not know anything. NalanMoon returned from her daze, and said earnestly. "No more. Let's just wait for the mayor to come over."
 
FrozenCloud at the side rolled her eyes. Trying to change the subject?
 
"So we're not playing for money, then there's no point." Lin Le pouted and got up. He looked at the three girls and complained. Everyone looked at Lin Le. It seems the Dice alien had a bad temper when playing mahjong.
 
Everyone began to chat. SpyingBlade leaned against the mine wall and rested.
 
Mar brought a few soldiers as well as the guard and arrived. There was also an old man that seemed to be a hunter. Although they were still distant, but he seemed strict and his steps were steady.
 
Ye Cang welcomed them, and reported the situation again.
 
Mar nodded, and introduced the old hunter beside him. "Youngsters, this is our Really New Village's old hunter - Yak. He was also a great hero who helped to expel the werewolves."
 
"Sir Mayor, your words are too much. Your father is the real hero. He led us to expel the werewolves, I simply contributed my strength." The old hunter - Yak sized up Ye Cang. *He has a heavy longbow, so his arm strength isn't bad. A good seedling.* He smiled and nodded. "This should be the one you were talking about, the young man that helped establish the alliance between Really New Village and the Blue Scaled Fishmen."
 
Mar nodded proudly.
 
"Uncle Yak, I'm also simple contributing my strength." Ye Cang said, noticing they were being polite to him.
 
Yak looked at Ye Cang with even more admiration.
 
"Ok, bring us to have a look!" Mar said, patting Ye Cang's shoulder. He gave some orders and had the guards as well as ThornyRose and the others wait outside, only bringing in Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le. 
 
ThornyRose sighed. "Hah~ That guy is taking the main role again."
 
"Afterall, he is the initiator, as well as Really New Village's director. Although we helped him establish the alliance between Really New Village and the Fishmen, we've already received enough reward." SpyingBlade shrugged.
 
Ye Cang brought Mar and the others to the sinkhole. One after another, they climbed down, and saw the purple crystals and the rock lizard eggs. Yak examined the area in detail, then stood up and looked at the surroundings. After groping around everywhere, he said: "It's something left behind by that disgusting cultist. It's good that we found it on time, otherwise if these eggs hatched and they continued to multiply, they would have become a threat to Really New Village."
 
"Cultist?" Ye Cang asked confused.
 
"Mm. Tens of years ago, a wicked mage appeared in the village. He was discovered by my father, executed, and buried in the cemetery. The wolf god's corruption could have something to do with him. Perhaps we didn't deal with it in time, or perhaps we missed something, but that bastard became a spirit, and occupied the cemetery. He's waking our ancestors from their eternal slumber, but they can't leave the cemetery. That's why, we've been cremating our deceased ever since." Mar slowly explained. He then looked at Yak. "Do we have to destroy it?"
 
"No need, this place is no longer a threat to us. In fact, it could aid us. That guy failed to finish spreading the corruption before being slain by the previous mayor. These eggs, we can probably raise and tame them. However, they won't be as fast as the werewolves, and we'll have to stop all work in the mines. It'll become a domesticated hatchery." Yaq smiled, wrinkling his face.
 
Mar slowly nodded. As the mayor, he had to consider not only Really New Village's present, but also its future. If they succeeded in taming rock lizards, it could play a big role in the future.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahjong">Mahjong</a> - A game where you compete to build the best valid hand first.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: Heavenly Hand: Winning on the first turn which gives you max points.

<a name="footnote3">3</a>: 13 Orphans: A rare hand which also gives you max points.