---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 102"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 102: Taming the Beasts**
 
"Ok, then I'll leave this place to you." Mar looked at old Yak and said seriously.
 
Yak's wrinkled face smiled and he nodded. "Rest assured, I have my methods. My family has experience taming rock lizards. Once the eggs are hatched, it only become easier."
 
Mar now had a plan in his mind. He looked at Ye Cang gratefully. "You have contributed again to Really New Village. This is a reward for the three of you."
 
"Congratulations. You've completed the hidden quest «Really New Village's Future - Rock Lizard Hatchery Plan». Received 950 experience, 10 gold coins, 3 gold bars, and a rare class exclusive skill."
 
"Congratulations. You've received the class skill - Swift Retreat (Ranger - Rare): Removes stun, slow, taunt, mind and affecting status effects; and raise your speed by 30% for 15 seconds. Cost: None. Cooldown: 30 minutes.
 
Lin Le obtained the arms dealer's skill - Power of Money (Rare - Beginner Level): Sacrifice a gold coin to gain a +8 Strength, +4 Attack, +5 Defence, +5 Constitution, +10% All Speed (Both movement and attack) buff that lasts 1 minute. Can only stack once, no cooldown. Consumes: 1 gold coin.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong almost couldn't hold back his cursing. He looked at his skill, which was another damn aura, and felt extremely gloomy. *I, your father, want an active killing skill! I want to kill people! Kill! Damn System, !@#$......!@. Can you not understand me?* He sighed deeply, his skill was - Advanced Aura Control (Super Rare - Beginner Level): You can now simultaneously have 4 different auras active at the same time. All auras now gain  adjustments based on your attributes.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong looked at his two auras. His Aura of Vigor had increased to +5 Constitution and +4 Wisdom. As for his Aura of Protection, the physique bonus became +9 Constitution; and the other bonuses increased to +8 Defence and +9 Spell Focus. His constitution rose by quite a bit.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong thought of it, and felt a bit better. He had no idea that his own auras were something people would madly scramble over each other to obtain. Who wouldn't want to gain 14 extra constitution, which was an entire 42 health. It would probably even double the constitution of some light armored players.
 
"Ok, I'll go and reward your men." Mar smiled and patted Ye Cang's shoulder. He directly left, leaving the other 4 in the room.
 
Yak looked at Ye Cang who was still basking in the happiness of obtaining a life-saving skill. "Do you want to learn to tame wild animals?"
 
Ye Cang froze, then immediately began nodding. "I do!"
 
In order to avoid arousing Yak's suspicion, Zhang ZhengXiong pulled Lin Le to the side, and began counting the number of eggs.
 
Yak taught most of his knowledge as well as sharing his experiences: such as when to attempt to catch them, and how to teach and evolve different beasts. It took up several hours.
 
"Congratulations. You've received the common skill - Yak's Beast Taming Theory (Super Rare - Beginner Level) (Can Evolve): Has a chance to tame a creature born from an egg. Has a small chance to tame a creature near death."
 
"Good kid, your comprehensive ability is not bad. I'm too old for it, but you should leave this town in the future. As a young adventurer, this little town is much too small." Yak said with a bit of a sob. His whole life had been dedicated to this town, and now he had finally found an adventurer that could complete his dream of travelling the continent for him. 
 
"Teacher, thank you for your guidance." Ye Cang bowed respectfully. This man reminded him of his grandmother before she died.
 
...
 
"Little White, don't cry. Grandma is old. In the future, you will face many decisions and meet many people. You have to take good care of those by your side, got it? You must help others, and become a kind-hearted person. Just like your hair, you must be pure and without guilt. Grandma... has to... go..."
 
The powerless hand that was stroking his little cheek, sorrowfully fell, leaving behind a little Ye Cang who was trying his best to hold back his tears. He clenched his teeth and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth.
 
...
 
*Grandma, I got it. I'm not a good person, because my hands are stained by blood, but I will always protect those by my side. I won't let anyone hurt them.* Ye Cang slowly got up and stood straight. His expression resolute.
 
"Good, you guys can go. Say hello to Rica for me." Yak smiled brightly at them and waved his hand.
 
Ye Cang suddenly raised his brows, suspicious. *He knows granny Rica? Could he be her lover!?* They all had strange expressions as they looked at Yak. *It turns out he was that sort of person...* 
 
Yak saw the three's strange expressions, and his face turned red. He quickly shouted at them. "Cough~ Cough~ What are you thinking of! She's my sister in law." 
 
"Eeeh~ Sister in law~" Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong both began thinking of Lin Le's girlfriend, then made a knowing expression. Lin Le didn't get it, so he just nodded along with the other two. "Eeeh~ Sister in law~"
 
"You three little bastards!" Yak roared angrily at the three. Ye Cang quickly brought the other two and made their escape. Watching the backs of the three as they left, he murmured: "Those three stinking kids... Hah~."
 
Yak slowly took out a blood handkerchief. "Why did the wolf god pick you..." His mind flashed back to that time when he had, in high spirit, killed those black werewolves. When it returned to its original form, it turned out to be his own wife. At the time, he was completely at a loss. His wife had been killed by his own arrow. His eyes reflected an endless sorrow and his old tears slowly dripped down his face, as he gripped the handkerchief tightly.
 
On the way back, Ye Cang had the other two show him their skills. *A'Xiong's auras are becoming awesome. Damn, it gives so much constitution. Lele's... Mm, the effects are strong, but it was a bit expensive. It would be enough to save it for bosses.* He looked at Lele. "Later, go get some gold from Little Tian. Use your Power of Money skill only when it's necessary."
 
*Lele is pretty good at grasping opportunities. As for not injuring his team-mates, we can only pray.*
 
"I got it. Brother Lil'White, here's the gold bars from before." Lin Le said, taking out his belongings.
 
"Wait, give it to Little Tian later. She's our treasurer. She'll be in charge of all our spendings." Ye Cang wrapped an arm around Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong, and said.
 
"Bro, the college contacted me. They want us to attend some sort of meeting or whatever. They want me to meet those islanders, and beat them up a little at some kendo or martial arts or something." Zhang ZhengXiong said, recalling the message.
 
"Ok, bring it." Lin Le said, jumping for joy; even though he was only there to cheer them on.
 
"Alright, we'll go check it out." Ye Cang faintly smiled. 
