---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 103"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 103: Mithril Rapier**
 
ThornyRose and the others also received 5 gold, 1 gold bar, and a skill as a reward; which made them all happy. But after waiting for a few hours, their mood began to sour again, and at the same time, they became curious. *What were those guys up to?*
 
Three silhouettes finally appeared from in the cave.
 
"What were you doing inside?" ThornyRose couldn't hold back her curiosity and inquired..
 
"Counting eggs!" Lin Le happily replied.
 
"..." Everyone simultaneously sighed. Ye Cang indifferently said. "Not much, we were just consulting about some stuff. This place will be Really New Village's Rock Lizard hatchery in the future."
 
Mar had already long run off, rushing to have have some fun with his wife, so he didn't tell the others.
 
Everyone had their own ideas, but it was agreed that they should pay more attention to this place in the future.
 
"Let's go hand in the quest that the old blacksmith gave us." NalanMoon reminded.
 
Ye Cang slowly nodded. "Let's go."
 
Everyone made their way back to Really New Village in the dark. Perhaps it was because the mayor's group had cleared the way not long ago, but they didn't experience a single attack, which saved them a lot of time on the way back. 
 
Really New Village, at the smithy.
 
Old man Wales took measurements of ThornyRose and the others to make them a masterwork quality armor or weapon. Everyone was extremely happy. 
 
Ye Cang's group of five had to wait a while, because forging took a lot of old Wales' strength, so he needed to drink some water and rest for an hour.
 
"You all can go ahead since there's nothing else to do. If anything comes up, I'll notify you." Ye Cang had Zhang ZhengXiong borrow the furnace and begin smelting all the ores they found. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong who was bare to the waist, and was working by the fire, glistening in sweat. Then he turned to look at ThornyRose, NalanMoon and the others.
 
SpyingBlade nodded, and then disappeared into the night.
 
ThornyRose squinted her eyes. *This kid couldn't be cheating us again, could he?* But thinking it over, she decided it was fine. She had FrozenCloud watching over them anyways. "Ok, we're going back to leveling up."
 
After she spoke, she brought FrozenBlood and GreenDew with her to leave.
 
NalanMoon saw that everyone had left, then blinked her pretty eyes while looking at Ye Cang. "Are you interested in joining the Freedom Alliance? With your strength..."
 
Ye Cang indifferently smiled and interrupted her. His silver eyes flickered under the light of the flames. "We have our own guild, so we can only thank you for your good intentions."
 
Although his tone was unyielding, it gave others a feeling of being as free as the wind and as light as carefree as the clouds.
 
NalanMoon froze. *Their own guild? That's fine too.* She turned to slowly leave.
 
"Lele, that woman's boobs are at least a C right?" Zhang ZhengXiong continued working while staring at NalanMoon's wonderful figure and perky butt.
 
"No way, only B+. They're really small..." Lin Le shrugged as he sat on his handcart and counted the ten or so gold coins that Little Ye Tian had given him. 
 
Ye Cang saw that NalanMoon, who hadn't gone far yet, almost trip. Then it looked like she was taking deep breathes, and she quickly left.
 
FrozenCloud found it both funny and embarrassing. Looking behind her, she thought *if you're going to gossip, at least do it when they're not around...*
 
"How many gold and silver ores did we get?" Ye Cang inquired leisurely.
 
"I don't know, there should be a few." Zhang ZhengXiong replied uncertainly.
 
Slap~
 
Ye Cang slapped the back of his head. "You idiot little brother. Ignore the others for now and smelt the valuable stuff into bars and ingots."
 
"Oh, I got it." Zhang ZhengXiong responded vaguely while rubbing the back of his head. Then began smelting the gold and silver.
 
FrozenCloud couldn't help sighing. It turned out you could get rich from mining too. If they managed to get some gold or silver, it could be smelted into currency. *Should I tell my sisters?* Struggling over it a bit, she decided to just let it pass.
 
Finally, Zhang ZhengXiong had made 2 gold ingots, and many silver ingots. "There's only this much."
 
*Only!? 2 gold ingot and so many silver ingots, yet you say only!?* FrozenCloud roared in her heart. Moreover, all the gold ore near the surface were dug up by them. If they went again, they wouldn't gain much.
 
Little Ye Tian took the gold and silver ingots, and put them in her bag. She then sat down on the table, looking like she was doing homework. Except she was doing the party's book-keeping and planning their future expenses. Even FrozenCloud couldn't make much sense of the stuff she was writing down. *It was normal accounting? What is she doing? It looks like the heavenly book, something out of this world.*
 
Soon, old Wales returned with a long and slender straight sword for Ye Cang. He even added some mithril from his secret stash. Although the sword was only as wide as a thumb, it was 140cm long. The hilt and handle took up about 30 cm of that. It looked like a western sword, but was much longer.
 
Mithril Rapier (Masterwork - Created)
 
Category: One or Two handed sword (Can be either)
 
Requirements: 25 Strength, 30 Dexterity
 
Damage: 15 - 17
 
+4 Strength
 
+5 Dexterity
 
+7 Thrust Speed
 
+5 Penetration
 
Long Rapier - Pierce (Passive): Piercing attacks deal an additional 25% damage, and have a chance to pierce past the target.
 
Ye Cang grabbed it and began a series of thrusts. His straight thrusts were even faster than before. Satisfied, he threw his old Curse's Thorn into the handcart. He then easily sheathed the mithril rapier onto his back.
 
FrozenCloud watched those dazzling thrusts. *Team Leader is now invincible in both close and long range. He's like a sniper with his heavy longbow, and now with that sword, he doesn't have to fear anyone in melee.* If they fought, first she'd have to deal with those rapid arrows and magic, and when she closed in, she'd have to deal with those dazzling thrusts. Just thinking about it made her head hurt.
 
Next to come out was Lin Le's thick shoulder plate. It had two layers and was inlaid with silver. It gave a whole 5 strength, and came with a tackling skill. Now if you looked at him, he wore a heavy shoulder plate, oversized gauntlets, and a huge anti-cavalry saber. There was no doubt that one hit from him could end a life.
 
Old Wales looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's crystal shield. "I've had my suspicions from the first time I saw it, but it really is a shield made from crystal slime. You're now a blacksmith, come try smelting some precious stones and some crystal together. Slime crystal will mix with the ores and become extremely tough. I'll gift your this piece of marble to try."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong doubtfully took it. Then he suddenly took a big step back. *This old man is so generous!?* He looked at the milky mineral in his hand, and examined it. Seeing nothing odd about it, he sighed in relief.
 
"I'll personally guide you." Old Wales said with a smile, then dragged away Zhang ZhengXiong who had just dropped his guard.
 
"Bro, save me!" Zhang ZhengXiong struggled, but couldn't get away. Ye Cang thought, *this old man must be a hidden boss.* He watched as he guided Zhang ZhengXiong with 'great care'. If he made a mistake, he would get roasted and burned. It was a perfect example of being a strict teacher to produce a brilliant student...
 
Little Ye Tian hid behind Ye Cang, holding on tightly to his feathered coat. *This old man is a pervert!* Lin Le also turned away and curled up with his head down. His ahoge faintly trembling. FrozenCloud trembled as she brought the curled up Lin Le with her, and shifted a bit closer to Ye Cang. As for the team's backbone, Ye Cang, he brought everyone to slowly back away. *Good thing I learned cooking. A'Xiong, it's not that brother doesn't want to save you, but this is all for your own good.* He sighed... and looked away.
