---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 104"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 104: Rich Man's Shield**
 
"Ok, the rest you can handle yourself. See what precious stones and crystals you have that would fit you." Old Wales said, having had his fill of abusing Zhang ZhengXiong. He appeared invigorated as he sat on his chair, arms crossed.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong wanted to cry, but had no more tears. He looked at the crystal shield and the marble slowly melting into each other. His heart ached recalled how much of a nightmare it's been being professional gamers...
 
To vent his anger, he dumped all the crystals and precious stones in his bag into the mixture. Old Wales quickly got up, wanting to stop him, but he was too late. A myriad of crystals and gems jumbled together chaotically in the mixture. They began to melt into the crystal shield, releasing majestic rays of extremely clear, multi-colored light. 
 
"Such a waste..." Old Wales looked at the shield. It was a monstrosity born from tens of different crystals and precious stones. Putting it all into a shield... it would have been better to just sell them all.
 
"Congratulations. You've forge an Distinguished quality equipment. Please give it a name."
 
Looking at the shield shining in many brilliant colors, Zhang ZhengXiong murmured "Resplendent."
 
Resplendent (Distinguished  - Slime)
 
Category: ?? Shield
 
Requirements: 50 Strength, 30 Wisdom
 
+4 All Attributes
 
+13 Defence
 
+5% Stun Resistance
 
+5% Will
 
+5% Chance to completely resist control effects
 
Automatic repair.
 
Resplendent (Passive): While holding the shield, gain +10% all attributes, incoming damage reduced by 10%, +6 defence, and will deal 5 points of elemental damage to any melee attackers.
 
Rainbow (Active): Activate to emit rainbow colored light from the shield. Enemies in front have a chance to receive one of: confused, stunned, dazed, nauseated, or some other half-conscious state, and deal 20 20 elemental damage. Cooldown: 5 minutes.
 
Ye Cang looked at the shield and froze. The effects were abnormal, it could even compare to his ring. It had a monstrous 19 defence! It not only added +4 to all stats, but even added an additional 10%. It even gave 10% damage resistance, along with stun resistance and will. However, it had that massive 50 constitution requirement that would make it unwearable for most people. Fortunately Zhang ZhengXiong was a constitution focused priest. 50 wasn't much to him. Even 60 wouldn't have been doable. It was pretty much a shield made just for him. As for its external appearance, it made all their other equipment look like country bumpkins. It was too dazzling.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong slowly picked up the shield, and gently ran his hand over it's surface. It had a beautiful surface made of many gems and minerals. It was too beautiful to use as a shield.
 
"Too wasteful, looking at it makes my hairs stand on end..." Old Wales sighed. *So many f\*\*king precious stones and gems went into this shield. It's material value is actually worth more than the final product. It's too much. Just take some black-iron and slime crystal, and you can make a heavy shield. Then add a few gems and precious stones to decorate it a bit, it's defence wouldn't lose to this toy. But as this kid's very first creation, it could be considered a masterpiece.* Thinking that, he just smiled and didn't say more.
 
"Brother Lil'Xiong, let me touch it~" Lin Le quickly ran over. He looked like a little kid who was jealous of someone else's toy. 
 
"Move aside. Earlier when I was being thrashed, you just stood there." Zhang ZhengXiong shouted unhappily.
 
"Let me see~~ Let me see~~" Lin Le whipped his ahoge around and threw a tantrum. Zhang ZhengXiong helplessly handed it to him. "What do I do with you... here, go play. You have to return it to me later..."
 
After handing it over, he began to feel like this scene was really familiar. Rainbow lights flashed, and the room was filled with brilliant colors. Everyone was inflicted with confusion.
 
Seeing everyone gnashing their teeth and glaring at him, Lin Le passed the shield back to Zhang ZhengXiong. He then rubbed his head and said innocently. "How was I supposed to know it would do that? I've given it back."
 
"Ok, it's Lil'Dino's turn." Ye Cang said, hinting FrozenCloud to make her order.
 
FrozenCloud told Old Wales her idea, and he sat by the fire and began smithing. A pair of different sized T shaped rods were formed. After polishing it and wrapping the handle in leather, a big and a small, engraved tonfas were created.
 
FrozenCloud look at the stats, satisfied. She took the bigger one in her left hand.
 
Mithril Tonfa - Left (Masterwork - Created)
 
Category: Tonfa
 
Requirements: 35 Strength, 35 Constitution
 
Damage: 11 - 13
 
+8 Defence
 
+4 Strength
 
+4 Constitution
 
+3% chance to block damage
 
Counter: Attempt to block a melee attack. If successful, can immediately perform an extra attack against the target, which can cause knock-up, or mini-stun. Cooldown: 5 minutes.
 
Her right hand reached towards the smaller, but more agile tonfa.
 
Mithril Tonfa - Right (Masterwork - Created)
 
Category: Tonfa
 
Requirements: 35 Strength, 35 Dexterity
 
Damage: 13 - 15
 
+5 Defence
 
+4 Strength
 
+4 Dexterity
 
Chaining attacks deals an extra 5% damage.
 
Sudden Elbow Strike: Perform a very sudden and fierce attack, dealing 165% damage with a chance to stun or knock back. Cooldown: 10 minutes.
 
FrozenCloud swapped out her black-iron tonfa and her other one, which wasn't that good, and equipped her new masterwork tonfas. Both her killing power and defensive power increased. Her left tonfa for defence, her right one for attack, complementing each other. She tested them out a bit, performing a few jabs and strikes, and was very satisfied. It would do, at least for now. 
 
Finally it was Little Ye Tian's turn. Old Wales had a headache with this one. "Mage equipment is more expensive. Earlier, after making light armor for that spellcaster girl, I'm a bit low on materials. Moreover, wands and staffs, we blacksmiths have no way of making them. But since little lady is a paladin, I can make one for you. Paladin's don't have to be dressed lightly in order to cast spells. I can make a magic tool for you using some sort of silver, and it'll be able to increase the effects of your wisdom and holy spells."
 
Little Ye Tian looked at Ye Cang, should she spend on herself? Ye Cang faintly smiled. "For sure. Don't hesitate, if you want it then make your own decision. You're our little treasurer..."
 
Ye Tian felt moved. She calculated and then took out 10 silver ingots. This was worth 10 gold coins. Old Wales took the silver ingots, and took out the little mithril he had left in his stash. He smelted the silver, and a staff started to slowly take shape. At the top of the staff was a groove. The whole thing appeared fairly simple and practical.
 
Looking at the staff that was still taking shape, Ye Cang remembered that he had a few things that could be useful. He took out the fluorescent slime's crystalline eye, the fluorescent gland, and some crystals from monsters they had killed. "Can these things be of some use?"
 
"Fluorescent slime! Good stuff! It's really fitting for light attribute priests! I don't need the rest." Old Wales looked at the things Ye Cang took out, and quickly took the fluorescent slimes eye and gland. He inserted the gland around the groove at the top of the staff. The staff was nearing completion.
 
"It's not enough. To speak the truth, I'm not good at staffs. I can only get it to this stage. Moreover, I have no holy power, so I can't insert magic into it to baptize it." Old Wales spoke till here and put the fluorescent slimes crystalline eye into the groove at the top along with the gland. He then held it up to the excited Little Ye Tian and urged. "Little lady, hurry and use holy magic on it. Whatever is fine!"
