---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 105"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 105: Eye of the Fluorescent Slime**
 
Little Ye Tian took the metal staff that was over a meter long, and quickly cast a holy shield. Holy power flowed along the grooves carved in the staff. It looked like veins, carrying the magic towards the fluorescent slime eye. The milky white light became stronger and stronger. Finally, it settled down. Everyone looked and saw the eye as before, emitting a faint light. From time to time, they thought they could see it looking around.
 
Eye of the Fluorescent Slime (Distinguished - Rare)
 
Category: Silver Staff
 
Requirements: 20 Intelligence, 25 Wisdom, Holy Class
 
Damage: 9 - 10
 
+7 Intelligence
 
+7 Wisdom
 
+5% Casting Speed
 
+9 Spell Power for Light Element Spells
 
Light Effect (On / Off)
 
Shield of Light: Immediately surround all allies in range with a shield of light that absorbs 40 damage for 15 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes.
 
Flash: Activate to deal 25 light damage to enemies in front. Has a chance to cause blind status affect. Cooldown: 15 minutes.
 
"That eye shouldn't be alive... right?" Zhang ZhengXiong reached out and poked the eye on the top of the staff.
 
"Slime's are very tough creatures. It is currently in a state just before death. Before it received the light magic, it was in a hibernation like state." The more experienced old Wales explained. Little Ye Tian lovingly looked at the silver staff that would flicker with light.
 
FrozenCloud was shocked. They actually got two pieces of Distinguished equipment. These should be impossible to get at this point in the game. That team-wide damage prevention, it was really really useful. It could be used to save the entire parties lives, and could be incorporated into many tactics. Who would have thought that the one with the best weapon in the team would be the newest member. The paladin whose level was only level 7 - Little Tian.
 
"I noticed that you had some fire crystals, sonic crystals, and some others. You can use these on a weapon for a chance of gaining a special effect. Let me see the mithril rapier." Old Wales took one of Ye Cang's sonic crystals, smelted it, and embedded it in the handle of the sword. Then he smiled and handed it back. "Try it now."
 
Ye Cang took back the mithril rapier, and saw that the stats had increased by 2 Dexterity, and 3 thrust speed. There was even an extra special effect.
 
Sonic Resonance - Minor: Every attack has a chance to resonate with the sonic crystal, ignoring 10 amor.
 
The flame crystal was socketed into Lin Le's anti-cavalry blade. The original dark blade was covered in a faint red light. It gained +2 Strength, an additional 3 - 5 fire damage, and its additional effect was that after activation, the next attack would deal an additional 30 fire damage, with a cooldown of 15 minutes.
 
Little Ye Tian's weapon couldn't be socketed with a crystal, so they saved the magic crystal. Ye Cang pondered and thought that Nana could use it, so he put it away. The earth crystal they got from one of the rock lizards was socketed into FrozenCloud's left tonfa. This time, the tonfa's color grew darker. It gained +2 Constitution, +4 Defence, and the special effect was a blessing that reduced the damage from the next three attacks that it blocks by 6.
 
The crystal's effects were really good. FrozenCloud also understood that once others learned of this effect, they would be in very high in demand, because they were too rare. They only had a chance to drop from bosses. Moreover, not every boss could drop one, and it required a skill that could harvest the corpses. Then it needed to be forged before inserting. It was only small crystals yet it increased the stats by so much. She couldn't even imagine what those rarer crystals that could appear in the future would do. There sure were many new changes compared to the last game.
 
"Aah~ I'm getting old, I can't stay up any longer. You're welcome to keep using the furnace. I'm going to bed. You stinking kid, I just taught you so many things. You better remember them!" Old Wales said with a yawn.
 
"I remember! I remember! Crystal Inlaying, creating metal staffs, I remember it all!!" Zhang ZhengXiong quickly noded. *F\*\*k, if I said otherwise, this pervert will want to torment me again.*
 
"Sorry for the trouble, uncle Wales." Ye Cang thanked. Wales smiled and waved as he went up the stairs to sleep.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong continued to smelt his giant pile of ore. He threw in black-iron and fine iron together, and under his audacious attempt, he learned to smelt black steel. If old Wales was present, he would lost his voice in astonishment. Black steel was an alloy that even he couldn't make. It used black-iron and fine iron as materials, but the temperature needed to be controlled precisely. Only after passing through a series of complicated procedures, and with the help of a blacksmith's peerless physical strength, would black steel finally be forged. Being able to forge black steel was a sign of a talented smith.
 
Meanwhile, under Ye Cang's and Lin Le's urging, FrozenCloud sacrificed her dignity again to act as the handcart showgirl. Since Zhang ZhengXiong was working on his big smelting project, Little Ye Tian took over his job and beat the gong. She, who didn't know anything about the world, wasn't embarrassed at all. Instead, she energetically smacked her little round shield. She was also in charge of receiving money, and bargaining. Lin Le was the guard, his job was to look intimidating with his giant glowing red blade. He would deter anyone who wanted to come cause trouble. Finally, Ye Cang stood beside FrozenCloud and slowly brainwashed her.
 
The players on the street looked jealously at the party's equipment.
 
"Let's gather a few people and kill them?"
 
"Kill your mother! That white haired one is our Really New Village's Diplomat Hero! Last time, in the tavern, I saw Goddess NalanMoon from the Freedom Alliance. You know the Freedom Alliance right?"
 
"What?"
 
"That guy with the giant sword. Tsk~ Tsk~ There were some words that he didn't like, and he directly brandished his giant axe, and was about to kill NalanMoon and the others. Now that's a real man!"
 
"But the white haired one is the boss. I saw it, that imposing style, that character, he's definitely some tyrant. Even that handcart girl is his personal servant. Just a few words and he had both the Freedom Alliance and Thorns and Roses angered. At the time, the Freedom Alliance, drew their blade, and then guess what happened!?
 
"What?"
 
"You bastard! Didn't you say you were there!?"
 
"I didn't order anything, so got kicked out by the boss."
 
"..."
 
"Pitiful!"
 
"At that time, the Really New Village guards, and the fishmen warriors, all got up and drew their weapons at the Freedom Alliance. Especially those fishmen, they were really indignant. They were this close to stabbing out with their pikes."
 
"So awesome!?"
 
"No kidding. He's Really New Village's Diplomat Hero. Do you not see all the guards saluting him? Do you still dare to go kill them for their equipment!? Those fishmen and guards will all slaughter you!"
 
"To be fair, the items they're selling are top quality. If it were a large guild, they would have kept it for their own people, yet this white haired bro chose to sell it to us strangers. Although none of us can afford it, and most of it are bought by rich and handsome men, or fair skinned beauties anyways. But he's still treats us random players fairly. He's not a dog of those big guilds!"
 
"Indeed, so praiseworthy! I'm going to go ask if there's anything I can buy for 5 silver."
 
"5 silver, you'd be lucky if they even gave you a glance! Go die somewhere far away, damn peasant. Handcart Goddess!! I have 1 gold! Do you have anything good?
