---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 106"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 106: Disagreement**
 
FrozenCloud heard many people calling her 'Handcart Sister', 'Handcart Miss', and even 'Handcart Goddess', which caused the veins on her forehead to endlessly throb. Her fake smile was reaching its limit as she continued pushing the cart.
 
"Superior quality weapon!! It's a weapon for grapplers! Just 7 gold! There's also an Excellent quality two-handed sword for 4 gold! As expected of the handcart goddess, she's got good stuff."
 
CloudDragon had just brought YellowSprings and a few other core members back to town. They passed through the trade district, and saw the huge crowd. YellowSprings couldn't withstand his curiosity, so he went over to have a look. The players all let him through, looking at him with eyes full of reverence. He was Mad War's core attacker - The Smiling Murderer - YellowSprings. They watched with sparking eyes. Even the Fighting King was here! Everyone, including those who didn't know what was going on, opened a path for the people from Mad War.
 
"Isn't that the white haired ranger? Really New Village's Diplomat Hero. I told you we should have invited them into the guild at that time. Who knows if Thorns and Roses has already snatched them or not." YellowSprings turned back and said with a smile as he walked.
 
FrozenCloud sensed a disturbance from that side, and looked over. *YellowSprings!? BlackIce, VastSea, and even the Fighting King! Mad War's four heavenly kings are all here!* Her eyebrows furrowed into a frown. Ye Cang lazily looked over at the people approaching. He continued acting frivolously, and crossed his arms without saying a word. His gaze landed on CloudDragon, and CloudDragon looked back. The two of them stared off, one as free as the wind, and the other with a heroic presence. 
 
*This guy.* CloudDragon looked at Ye Cang's indifferent eyes, and smiled coldly. The two still didn't say a word. Ye Cang faintly smiled. He turned and rubbed Little Ye Tian's head, choosing to ignore him.
 
"It's Frozen..." YellowSprings wanted to greet her, causing her to panic. She quickly interrupted him. "Buying anything?"
 
BlackIce, the purple haired spellcaster, saw the staff on Little Ye Tian's back. Comparing her own staff to that one, they weren't even on the same level. She lightly sighed. "Little girl, will you sell your staff?"
 
"Aunty, I'm going to use it myself. You couldn't use it even if you had it, so... why should I sell it to you?" Little Ye Tian crossing her arms and said in an indifferent voice, copying Ye Cang.
 
BlackIce raised her brows. *What an interesting girl. I can't use it? So it should be a class restricted item. Holy class?* She smiled and didn't argue. "What if I insisted on buying it?"
 
"You wouldn't want to do that." Ye Cang said, with an indifferent smile. Everyone felt the atmosphere rapidly becoming tense. The situation looked like it could explode at any time, worrying the spectators. As expected of Really New Village's Diplomat Hero, completely fearless. What they didn't know was that, Ye Cang had no idea what Mad War was.
 
BlackIce looked at Ye Cang's indifferent smile. "What if I want to try it?"
 
"Brother Lil'White, this girl is too evil! She wants to bully us? Let me kill her!" Lin Le said righteously, then suddenly stood forwards. He had his two hands on his blade, ready to attack He activated the flame crystals ability, and the two meter long blade was shrouded in raging flames, looking extremely domineering.
 
The spectators watched, stunned. Such domineering, yet cute words. He didn't even converse and went straight to killing. Such a fierce little guy. They couldn't help recalling a legendary man, and their rears felt chilly.
 
BlackIce was inwardly shocked. She was caught unprepared as she completely didn't expect this. That little fighter was serious! She saw that Lin Le was really preparing to attack. She had to dodge this strike!! She prepared herself to quickly retreat.
 
YellowSprings who was beside the handcart also didn't see this coming. It was really too excessive. He quickly prepared to draw his two-handed sword.
 
At this time, Lin Le's fiery blade swung out, and what used to be a black moon became the red, blazing mars. It looked beautiful under the moonlight.
 
Clang~
 
A black shadow appeared. VastSea blocked it with his shield, but was still knocked flying countless meters, and slid a few more meters after landing. Such terrifying damage and power. It was a simple power based playstyle. BlackIce also dodged aside, escaping death's clutches. 
 
YellowSprings drew his two-handed sword, and FrozenCloud quickly drew her two tonfas, cutting him off. *If I don't get my hands dirty, how can I face team captain and Lele who both treat me so well. SisterRose, sorry again.* She thought as she attacked YellowSprings who was charging over.
 
Lin Le panted heavily from his nose. "Where are you running!!"
 
He activated Whirlwind Strike, moving towards BlackIce, who was now in a difficult situation. 
 
All the spectators began to run. If they got hit by this attack, they would be dead for sure! They wouldn't even have anyone to take revenge on! One side was Mad War, and the other was Really New Village's Diplomat Hero.
 
Another shadow flashed over. CloudDragon precisely slipped past Lin Le's spin, and his iron knuckles struck towards his body. If he got hit, his move would be interrupted. Just at this time, CloudDragon frowned. *Not good.* He turned his attack into a guard, and blocked an exceptionally powerful arrow. He sensed the force impacting his knuckles, and faintly smiled. *So powerful!!*
 
CloudDragon saw Ye Cang turn into a blur, and charge over. *A movement and attack skill? He already has one?* He raised his brows. *Interesting! This'll be fun!!* He leaned to dodge Lin Le's second attack. Clang~! He blocked Ye Cang's Dashing Straight Thrust. Ye Cang continued to look at him with an indifferent smile. "It's bad manners interfering with someone else's fight. Let me be your opponent." 
 
"Are you enough?" CloudDragon smiled. His knuckles still blocking the thrust.
 
"We'll know if we try..." Ye Cang suddenly leaned and took a step, dodging past CloudDragon's ferocious kick. He brandished his mithril rapier, and performed his straight thrust combo! 
 
5 silver sword lights stabbed forwards.
 
Clang~ Clang~ Clang~ Clang~!
 
CloudDragon's heart shook. Such a fast strike! The people who can dodge even three of those five strikes, could be counted on one hand. Even he himself had let one through. The damage was also nothing to laugh at. Ye Cang was also astonished. That reaction speed was not any slower than Zhang ZhengXiong and himself! He could actually block four strikes!
 
Air Burst! CloudDragon also unleashed his own skill. A wave of air rushed towards Ye Cang, who felt his chest getting hit and was pushed back.
 
CloudDragon saw that he was stiff, and struck with a heavy fist. The moment he made contact with the body, it exploded, becoming a burst of water. *Not good! It's a fake* He stomped off the ground, and became a blur, leaping 5 meters back. When he was about 1 meter away, the clone's explosion hit him, but it couldn't deal any significant damage.
 
CloudDragon landed and looked around. He couldn't find Ye Cang's figure. *Stealth?* He didn't pay any attention to Lin Le who was chasing BlackIce with his huge sword. He looked at the Mad War members around him and said. "No one interfere with my fight!"

CloudDragon squinted and looked around. If they really came to help, it would become troublesome, because Really New Village's guards would get involved. There would be no benefits for either side. *Soon the fight would have to end, but against such an interesting guy, I want to have some fun first.* He excitedly gripped his iron knuckles, and lowered his stance.
