---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 107"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 107: Short Battle**

On CloudDragon's orders, the people that were itching to charge into battle, all retreated, feeling speechless.

BlackIce felt wronged. She never even had a chance to begin casting a spell. She currently had  no life saving magic, so she was like a scholar fighting a soldier. There was nothing she could do against that damn guy. Lin Le chased closely behind her roaring. "Evil woman! Don't run! Let me hit you once and we're even!!"

*F\*\*k! What do you mean 'Let me hit you once and we're even', you're the one who attacked first! Just how short is your temper! So moody!* The veins on BlackIce's forehead throbbed.

Wherever Lin Le went, the spectators would flee for their lives. There were some Mad War member who wanted to help BlackIce, but met Lin Le's fury and were sent back to the respawn point. His rage finally filled up! Angry little bull mode, activate! Berserk! His two eyes glowed a furious red. He killed everyone in his path, making the spectators shiver. None of them dared to step forwards.

Little Ye Tian wanted to cast some holy magic on the party, but VastSea made his way over. Her staff flashed. VastSea hadn't expected Little Ye Tian to have a control skill. All he could see was a vast expanse of whiteness. 

Little Ye Tian quickly moved to FrozenCloud's back, casting a holy shield and rejuvenate on her. YellowSprings saw that FrozenCloud got some support and knew things had become troublesome. VastSea regained his sight, and used charge. Just at this time, a white silhouette appeared in his path.

"VastSea! Careful!!" CloudDragon said, running over. He was a bit disappointed that Ye Cang hadn't taken up his challenge. 

VastSea raised his shield and blocked Ye Cang's thrust, but as a result, his charge was interrupted causing him to stop. Ye Cang didn't give him any chance, immediately tackling with his shoulder. Then he retreated, activated his shoe's speed boost, and ran towards YellowSprings. His straight thrust combo appeared again. YellowSprings retreated out of FrozenCloud's range and held his sword in front of him to block, however he only managed to block the first and last thrusts. 

Ye Cang couldn't help sighing, amazed at his opponent's strength. Even in that sort of situation, he could still block and save his own life. These guys are all strong. Although that spellcaster was in a difficult situation, she had yet to be hacked to death by Lele. If they kept fighting, although he himself had nothing to fear, but it wouldn't end well. He sheathed his mithril rapier.

CloudDragon saw him sheath his sword, and slowly stopped his steps. He sighed and shouted. "Everyone stop!"

"Lele, come back!!" Ye Cang also shouted.

Lin Le had leapt and tackled BlackIce. He finally had her stunned and pinned against a wall. He had just raised his blade, planning to finish her off, when he heard Ye Cang's call. He pouted and complained: "Bad person, seems your luck is good. My Brother Lil'White is calling me. Bye bye~~"

Lin Le sheathed his blade and left. He didn't forget to make a face at BlackIce and stick his tongue out at her

BlackIce thought about his final words and that childish face. *I was actually chased around the block by a primary school kid.* Her feelings were a mess...

Ye Cang saw YellowSprings looking at them with a bad expression, and he faintly smiled. Not bothering with it, he slowly turned and faced CloudDragon. "PaleSnow..."

"CloudDragon..." CloudDragon stared for a moment, and then exposed a smile. This guy was qualified to hear his name. He knew that Ye Cang's group were all new players, but did they not know who he was? It seemed like they didn't even know about Mad War. Such an interesting knight. Such a accurate and high speed attack. Although they had only crossed swords for a moment, it seemed like another interesting guy had appeared this season. "Next time, I'll get you."

Ye Cang shrugged and replied indifferently. "Next time, It won't only be one thrust..."

CloudDragon raised his brows, and felt the wound left by that thrust that he couldn't block. The corners of his mouth raised and he said quietly. "I'll be looking forwards to it."

YellowSprings thought back to those sword shadows that had struck him. They were fast and had crafty trajectories. It was too precise, and with no hints to give away its intentions. *If I faced him, it wouldn't turn out well for me. It looks like becoming the diplomat hero wasn't just due to luck.* He turned and looked towards FrozenCloud, who was still on guard against him, and showed her an unruly smile. "It's not good to look at a customer like that, Handcart Goddess..."

"...Eh" FrozenCloud was speechless.

Ye Cang and CloudDragon had exchanged names. The spectators could finally relax, seeing the two big-shots come to an understand. 

"I couldn't take my eyes off the battle between the Fighting King and Really New Village's Hero. Although it was short, every move was hair-raising..."

"As expected of Really New Village's Hero, he dares to take on the Fighting King, and even landed a blow..."

"I smell something tasty. PaleSnow and CloudDragon."

"I'll get you. I'll thrust into you. They must have a secret relationship..."

"Eh, the fujoshi<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> are here again. But after hearing it, it really does sound like that. Get you... Thrust... I like it~~~"

"One more time! One more time!" All the fujoshi began shrieking.

"One more time! One more time!" All the spectators joined in.

The two of them heard the surroundings getting more and more into matching them up. Both their faces changed as they roared at the same time. "Get lost!!!"

The spectators saw that Fighting King and Hero were both angry. It looked like they wouldn't continue fighting, so they lost interest. The crowd began dispersing, going back to their selling or shopping.

"Leader, come see. The stuff they're selling is really good. There's even stuff we need!" YellowSprings said, looking through the things in the handcart. It was really full of all sorts of things stuffed into a deceptively tiny handcart. They had everything: equipment, food materials, herbs, precious stones, wood, bones, claws, teeth, etc. 

CloudDragon slowly walked over. He glanced at the young lady named FrozenCloud. *FrozenBlood's little sister? Can't be, she even managed to delay YellowSprings.* He looked and saw that her equipment was not bad. He looked at her pair of tonfas, and smiled without saying a word. He then turned his attention to the items in the cart. *There really are things we need.*

FrozenCloud who was checked out by CloudDragon, felt as if she were naked. She couldn't bring up any strength to resist. Those heroic eyes were as keen as a falcons. Although they were both grapplers, she knew there was a huge gap between their skill. Even her sister and Sister Rose together would have trouble against him.

"The monstrous bird boss's claws, beak, and feathers, as well as the rock lizard boss's scales and the red furred flaming dog's fur. I want them all, how much?" CloudDragon looked through and picked some things. He raised his head and looked at the sales lady FrozenCloud.

---

TN: Lol, love this crowd.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Female fans of romantic relationships between men.