---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 108"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 108: Wandering the Campus**

None of these items had a listed price, so FrozenCloud didn't know what to say. She turned her head and looked at Ye Cang. Ye Cang also didn't know, so he turned and looked towards Lin Le. Lin Le stroked his chin and looked towards Little Ye Tian who was already making her calculations.

Little Ye Tian used the the rarity and the risks involved in acquiring them to rapidly calculate a price. It only took her a moment to come up with an answer. "30 gold, 20 silver, 15 copper. We can get rid of the change,so just 30 gold."

CloudDragon frowned. 30 gold wasn't considered expensive, but he didn't have that many gold coins to waste. The game had just started, so gold was too valuable right now, and there would be too many uses for it in the future. If he could, he would rather pay in federal dollars. "Can we pay in real money?"

FrozenCloud came to Ye Cang's side and whispered: "Team Leader, we should agree. Just consider it buying his friendship."

Ye Cang slowly nodded, what she said made sense. These few people were really strong. If they fought till the end, it would have been tough without Zheng ZhengXiong around. Even with Zhang ZhengXiong, and in a 5v4 situation, if they didn't have Lin Le chasing down that mage, and if both sides fought seriously... The chances of his own group winning was only 40%. That grappler's awareness and strength were extremely high. He was now a guild leader, so he had to consider the group's interest, in this case, that would be gaining their favor. *I really am gifted leader.* He crossed his arms and smiled. "Sure. We could be considered friends after fighting, perhaps we could even cooperate in the future."

"We will..." CloudDragon took the items, paid double the market price in federal dollars, and then smiled meaningfully. *Your quest line and ours will be soon join up.* He then brought the other three as well as the gang and left.

Ye Cang looked at their imposing figures as they left. All the players parted to let them through. He quickly pulled FrozenCloud over. "That Cloud guy and that freedom something guild, who's stronger?"

"You don't even know CloudDragon!?" FrozenCloud covered her forehead. They attacked without even know who the other party was. "He's one of china's top 5 players, known as the Fighting King. FlameEmperor is no doubt number 1. The rest are Fighting King - CloudDragon, The Phantom - NalanPureSoul. Then there's the Misty Rain House's leader, who's also china's number 1 goddess - MistyVeil<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>; as well as LordReigns'<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup> number 1 hired thug, The Tyrant - LordAsked."

"Their nicknames all sound so awesome. Will we have nicknames in the future?" Lin Le asked enviously.

"We will..." Ye Cang said, but didn't really care. He didn't really understand what FrozenCloud said, and he didn't want to think about it too much. He patted her shoulder. "The money just now, I'll put 15% in your remodelling funds. Ah, such a good day... Soon, we'll have enough."

"..." FrozenCloud looked at the three's encouraging expressions, and her words were caught on her tongue.

All this time, Zhang ZhengXiong was still sweating away working in the smithy. It was filled with rhythmic Clang~ Clang~ sounds. 

... (TN: Sudden Unexplained Time Skip) ...

College, east campus. 5 people were wandering around. They felt the surrounding people pointing fingers at them and whispering. Wu Na pricked up her ears.

"That's the legendary group T-105."

"You mean that group of 3 miscreants that took out 3 instructors and tens of squad members? That T-105?"

"Mm. Now every time Instructor Wang sees an electric grenade, his face will turn pale and his whole body will tremble."

"I heard they hid the electric grenades under Instructor Wang's you know, and used him as a trap. Just imagining that electric grenade going off makes my bottom shiver."

"Don't even mention it. I was one of the one's called in for support. That river full of naked people tied to rafts... good thing I didn't go save them. The rescue team lost half their men before successfully saving everyone. They even wrote on Instructor Wang's rear. It was full of prayers to pass the test. There was even an incense stuck in there... I'm so lucky to have passed and entered the 2nd test. I don't want to have to meet those three beasts."

Just at that time, there was an announcement which made all the students freeze.

"After some investigation, it's been decided that team T-105 will be be permitted to pass the 1st combat test to participate in the 2nd."

The students were shocked. The people who walked past Ye Cang, saw his sneer, and they would break out in cold sweat. *That white head's smile was so terrifying.*

"You're not even going to class for attendance?" Wu Na looked at Ye Cang who was holding little Ye Tian's hand, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Lin Le. 

"We've already talked to the counsellor about it. Mmmm~" Ye Cang said as he stretched. Little Ye Tian was also stretching, imitating him.

"Oh, I remember. I saw Brother Lil'White and Brother Lil'Xiong take that counsellor to a remote corner. Then Brother Lil'Xiong performed a trick where he took an alloy bar, and shaped it into a butterfly with his bare hands. Strangely, he seemed afraid. Then we went home." Wu Na broke out in cold sweat hearing Lin Le's words. She face palmed. *That's not a performance! It was a blatant threat!*

The bright sunlight shined through the cover of the trees along the path, giving others a languid feeling. The five of them were all feeling lazy. They were showing Little Ye Tian around. After lunch, the five of them had decided to take a walk to the east campus and arrived at the martial arts arena. They found seats up near the front. Zhang ZhengXiong was here to represent LinHai college to compete.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked around and saw many exchange students with swords and blades. They were from the martial arts club, the kendo club, eh, there's even a squad of guards? He faintly smiled. *The weapon my bro gave me, is much better than those mimicry weapons you're all using.*

(AN: Mimicry Weapons: A weapon made of special alloy. For example, swords are similar to lightsabers, but instead of laser, it's a type of metal. Really easy to carry around. Classified as a government controlled weapon. Commonly used in melee battles. The ones used by the army are slightly different. The school uses a competition model to reduce the likelihood of deaths.)

(TN: Image a handle, you push a button, and a weapon pops out.)

Ye Cang looked at the surrounding crowd. They were looking at the exchange students from korea and the island nations with eyes full of anticipation. The strongest should be that young woman with the neat long hair wearing a kendo uniform, that bearded man in karate clothes, as well as that korean girl that looks like an idol but had a mimicry sword on her waist.

Their sights then landed on LinHai's representative. Besides A'Xiong, there were a few pretty good ones from the guards. The martial art's club's representative was also alright, but they were lacking compared to the bearded man. The rest of them were ordinary. They were there just to fill the numbers and put on a show. Ye Cang based this on their body and their aura. Little Ye Tian analyzed them all and said: "Unless there's an earthquake, a meteor, or some sort of rift in space that accidently opens up and swallows him into another world, Big Brother Xiong has about 100% chance of winning."

Wu Na couldn't help smiling as she hugged Little Ye Tian. "What do you mean rift in space that accidently sends him to another world?"

"I was joking. To say it bluntly, everyone is weak compared to Brother Xiong. Was it bad?" Little Ye Tian asked seriously.

"Eh... Haha..." Wu Na silently pet her head, not knowing what to say.

"Ah, so it was a joke..." Lin Le who had been greatly alarmed, pouted.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: MistyVeil used to be SmokeyColdYarn on the rankings, but that name sounded strange.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: No idea if this is a guild or a person or even a group or whatever. I'll fix it's mentioned again, for now, it doesn't seem too important.