---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 109"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

TN: So I used japanese names for the japanese characters. Sadly, I don't know how to get korean names from Kanji or if you can even do it.

---

### Chapter 109: Exchange Meeting Begins

"Silence please! This is the 36th exchange meet between SongTan, LinHai and YueYao. I'm the student council member and your announcer for today - Xiao Ke'er." An exceptionally sweet LinHai girl with medium long hair stood forwards. She wore LinHai's light blue and white female uniform. Her voice was really bright, matching her sweet appearance.

"Goddess! Blow me a kiss!"

"Warm my bed!!"

"Wooo~~"

"Violate me!!"

"..." Xiao Ke'er smiled awkwardly. "Everyone is still so passionate, haha..."

She was one of the college's top 10 beauties, as well as a member of the student council. It was obvious she'd be picked for this task, it was something she was good at. She quickly talked about the participants and exchange students to the passionate audience, then began introducing the judges. The first was an old man wearing a black kimono. He was bald, with a white beard, and deep eyes that looked exceptionally sharp and wise. "The first judge, who everyone is definitely familiar with, Mister Yasuaki Ryuichi! He's the master of the Severing Thousand school of karate, which is very well know and widespread even in China." 

Yasuaki Ryuichi slowly nodded, not saying a word.

"The next person doesn't even need me to introduce them. The master of ZhengBang martial alliance's LinHai branch. Teacher Song Ping!!"

The applause was deafening. ZhengBang school of martial arts, was only a second-rate school in china until Wu TianMing handed over leadership to a legendary figure that was known by everybody, the Chrysanthemum Emperor - Lin Lin. During summer vacation, when he was 11 years old, as a school project, he established and mastered the Chrysanthemum Scattering Arts which was still passed down to this day. He became ZhengBang's 18th master and also became China's God of War. At 16 years old, he disappeared. He was the founder of the city colleges as well as the former XinYun city mayor. The only reason LinHai had a famous college was because he often came here for vacation. It was simply to commemorate his time in China. As for ShanLan, it was the name of the Chrysanthemum Emperor's primary school. Once the Chrysanthemum Emperor disappeared, ZhengBang slowly lost its influence and position as number one. However, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. To date, it was still one of China's top 3 martial arts schools.

The Severing Thousand style was also based off of the Chrysanthemum Scattering Arts. In fact, many of the world's famous techniques were. Thus it could be said that ZhengBang's master and Severing Thousand' master were sworn enemies.

Song Ping raised an eyebrow and checked out Yasuaki Ryuichi who was beside him, his eye's conveying his contempt. Then, he took back his gaze and examined all the athletes.

Ye Cang looked at the two judges that had been introduced. Yasuaki Ryuichi was strong. As for Teacher Song Ping, although his aura was not as astonishing, he was definitely stronger. ZhengBang really deserved to be one of China's top martial arts groups. He faintly smiled and continued watching with his arms crossed.

"Our third judge also doesn't need much introduction. Everyone should know him. He is a frequent visitor of LinHai. The taekwondo master, Mr Pung WonSeung!"

All the Koreans on stage stood at attention, acting respectfully.

"As for our next judge, his disciple has been the kendo champion three times running. Let us welcome, from the land of the rising sun, Moonless Divine Mirror temple's Mr Ichiro Uemura!!" Xiao Ke'er continued introducing the fourth judge who had brought his disciple to participate. Moonless Divine Mirror was a well known name in the island nations, and Ichiro Uemura was the master of the hokkaido division. He was familiar with many types of swordsmanship.

"Ok, our last judge is from our very own LinHai east district. One of the four head instructors, Zhou XiaoZhi - Instructor Zhou." Xiao Ke'er gave the final judge a very brief introduction. He had a hooked nose, sharp eyes, and everything about him gave others a strict feeling, to the point he seemed gloomy. As for his age, he was the youngest among the 5, probably no more than 40, but he had the coldest aura.

Originally Li LiJia had been invited, but she didn't accept. Zhou XiaoZhi frowned thinking of something. "Divine Eagle Fist<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>..."

Ye Cang's sight landed on him, and smiled after sizing him up. He then stretched and ruffled his white hair. "Just how much longer will they ramble on before starting..."

After going through some conventional greetings, and some nonsense about the federation, it finally began.

Zhang ZhengXiong who had practically fallen asleep, woke up and looked at his first opponent. Korean Taekwondo practitioner? He yawned and slowly walked into the arena, raising his arms to stretch. 

The two of them faced each other in the center of the arena.

"Please..." Before he could even bow, he was blasted out of the arena by a casual fist.

"Next, I'm short on time." Zhang ZhengXiong said feeling sleepy. He began massaging his neck.

"Brother Lil'Xiong, so mighty! Formidable!" Lin Le saw that the surrounding spectators all froze. He quickly jumped up and cheered.

Li LiJia was calmly watching the stage as she recalled the muscular giant. *That guy's strength already surpasses a student's level. He's probably a match for Qin ShaoTian.*

"Seo! Do you chinese have no morality!" The Koreans began to make a ruckus. The college students began to shout back. "You pretentious bastards! Serves you right!"

"Come at me together! I'm really in a rush." Zhang ZhengXiong said pointing towards the Korean exchange students. His eyes landed on the idol like girl. "Including you..."

In the judging panel, Pung WonSeung was furious. Such an arrogant kid!

As for the idol girl, she wasn't Pung WonSeung's disciple. She was called Kim SuYeon and was one of the successors of the Graceful Sword Style. She frowned at him. *This Chinese...*

Zhang ZhengXiong saw that no one was moving, and exclaimed again. "I'm not joking. All of you come together. If you won't come, I'll go over there."

Zhou XiaoZhi glanced over from another arena with his sharp gaze. Such astonishing muscle strength and body. Zhang ZhengXiong? Seems he was one of the ones that the third administration's Zhang ShaoFeng had recruited for the 5 schools competition. That kid's potential is so astonishing.

"Such a rude and arrogant Chinese! Who do you think you are!?"

"He's acting too arrogant. Is he not afraid of being struck down?" Even the spectators looked doubtful.

"I know him! He's that demon!! He's the one who beat Instructor Wang and had us all tied naked onto rafts!! T-105's Zhang ZhengXiong!!"

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: I have no idea why he would suddenly mutter that...