---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 110"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

TN: You'll never guess what Zhang ZhengXiong's weapon is.

Also, for those who don't know. Hard and Soft in martial arts refers to the forceful way and the gentle way. Hard describes linear motions, such as blocking head-on or knocking your opponent's attack away, as well as punches and kicks. Soft is more about dodging and excerting using the minimum amount of strength, often using the attackers momentum against them.

---

**Chapter 110: Cheat level Weapon**


"Even if he was T-105's demon, how can one guy take on so many Korean exchange students? It's not very realistic! That Jin XiuYan is very strong."

Zhang ZhengXiong saw that no one was coming up. He sighed, and began walking straight over. "I still have to personally go over."

One of them charged over, launching a high kick. "I'll teach you a lesson!"

Zhang ZhengXiong didn't dodge, or block. He didn't even react at all. Everyone screamed at him to avoid. His shoulder took the hit, but he it didn't even tickle. The attacker felt like his right leg had just kicked steel. He hugged his leg in pain, rolling around on the ground, and screaming.

"Stop! If you leave the arena, then you forfeit!" The referee quickly blocked Zhang ZhengXiong who wanted to mow down all the competition.

"Hah~ so weak. Wasting my time..." Zhang ZhengXiong wanted to pick up the referee and throw him away, but then remembered his dangerous academic standing. Although he had recently improved it, if he threw the referee, he would definitely be punished and lose quite a bit. He slowly returned to his place with a heavily sigh.

Out of the 10 arena's, Zhang ZhengXiong's was the fastest. He practically just walked up and then blasted his opponents out. The five judges all thought differently. Song Ping appreciated his talent, and wanted to take him as a student. Yasuaki Ryuichi frowned. Although Qin ShaoTian didn't come, this kid wouldn't be any easier to handle.

"This Zhang ZhengXiong is too abnormal. No one has even lasted two seconds against him..."

"I remembered a saying..."

"What?"

"One powerful man can take on dozens."

The bearded Japanese - Shoichi Matsumura, who was Yasuaki Ryuichi's disciple, watched Zhang ZhengXiong. He frowned and couldn't relax. *That Chinese guy is going to be a problem...*

Meanwhile, the kendo girl - Haruka Mizuno, who was a well known disciple of Moonless Divine Mirror, raised her brows. Then she smiled and thought. *I'm in kendo, so I won't be competing with him. He's got nothing to do with me.*

At this time, Shoichi Matsumura's opponent was Xiao Zung from the guards. He was one of the core students learning the Chrysanthemum Scattering Art, but no one could successfully master it except for the creator. Most could only brush the surface. No one could be like the Chrysanthemum Emperor, yet that didn't stop people from walking this difficult path. The Chrysanthemum Scattering Art was an amalgamation of 3 different styles: The Chrysanthemum Miracle, The Void Fists, and the 8 Scattering Hands. The parts that were leaked was the Void Fists, and a part of the Scattering Hands. This made the Severing Thousand Flows different from the usual Karate. It incorporated some soft moves which were similar to Judo.

Xiao Zung was a disciple of the ZhengBang school. The competition between these two caught the attention of all 5 judges. However, within 10 moves, Shoichi Matsumura had already won. He had deflected with a soft and flowing defence. Then retaliated with a hard and ferocious fist. He was exceptionally strong.

Yasuaki Ryuichi was very happy with the results. Shoichi Matsumura was one of his potential successors, and one of his three favorite disciples. He wasn't even 20 years old and had already comprehended hardness and softness. Beside him, Song Ping was gnashing his teeth. This time, ZhengBang lost big. It would have been fine to lose to someone else, but the opponent was those thieves from Severing Thousand Flows!! His eyebrows furrowed tightly. *Qin ShaoTian that stinking brat, where did he run off to!* He sighed. Although Qin ShaoTian was a disciple of ZhengBang, but his strength had already surpassed his own. This sort of competition was beneath him.

Sighing at Qin ShaoTian's absence, Zhang ZhengXiong became his last hope.

"Finally, it's almost over. Referee, can I use the weapon I brought?" Zhang ZhengXiong inquired.

"What kind?" The referee asked.

"It should be considered a concealed weapon. Don't worry, it's not illegal." Zhang ZhengXiong shrugged. The judge slowly nodded, and told Shoichi Matsumura that he could also select a weapon. Shoichi Matsumura chose to use a pair of Tonfas. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong doubtfully... *Concealed? I'll just be a bit more careful.* Shoichi Matsumura who was originally afraid of Zhang ZhengXiong's strength, felt much better now that he had alloy tonfas. "Let's start."

"Come." Zhang ZhengXiong reached out and gestured at him to come. Shoichi Matsumura charged over, and performed a ferocious elbow strike. Zhang ZhengXiong easily blocked it with his hand. Shoichi Matsumura launched another elbow strike.

This time, Zhang ZhengXiong casually took out a spray bottle. A mist was released from it. Shoichi Matsumura who was being cautious, raised a hand to block it, but they were too close and it was mist. It reached his eyes and nose, and he felt a sharp pain. He fell to the ground, rolling around holding his face and cursing endlessly. "My eyes! You despicable Chinese!!!"

Zhang ZhengXiong shook his head and sprayed again, as if he were trying to get rid of a cockroach. 

The referee stared blankly. Pepper spray!? It's really not an illegal weapon, and it also didn't cause any mortal wounds. He stood there, not knowing how he should judge it.

Everyone watched stunned, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

"Too awesome! His weapon was actually that!!"

Ye Cang sneered and snorted. *These fools didn't even know that the strongest melee weapon was SK-31 Pepper Spray.* He reached out and high fived his fellow schemer Lin Le. "Our plan is successful!"

Originally, the three of them were trying to find a way to protect Wu Na. They finally decided that it would be best to put some lime powder in her pocket which she could throw at her assailant. While they were shopping around, they saw SK-31 Pepper Spray. Lin Le had pointed at it and said: "Brother Lil'White, this would work so much better. Look at the description. Wide range, hard to avoid. One drop in the eyes and it's guaranteed to take away most people's fighting strength, and cause them terrible pain."

Since then, each of them had been carrying one on them at all times.

Jin XiuYan and Haruka Mizuno were also astonished. Such a shameless Chinese, he actually used Pepper Spray...

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at Shoichi Matsumura who was still rolling around on the ground. He went up, and picked him up by the collar with one hand, then casually threw him out of the arena. He then looked at the referee while putting away his pepper spray. "Still not calling the match? What are you thinking..."

The referee turned and looked at the 5 judges for help.

Yasuaki Ryuichi was incomparably furious, but it was still within the rules. They had actually overlooked Pepper Spray, not expressly banning it. After all, this was an honorable martial arts competition, no one expected this to happen. He took a deep breath, as everyone stared at him as if they were trying to drill through him with their gaze. Although his disciple had been caught unprepared, but even without the pepper spray, he would probably still not be a match for this shameless Chinese. From start to finish, this Zhang ZhengXiong had never revealed his strength, because none of his opponents lasted more than three moves. He had rapidly dispatched everyone.
