---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 115"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 115: Ye Cang Selling Books**
 
Everyone ate the roast fish set as well as a new veggie and meat dish, Treant Charcoal and Rat Stew. He now had a new 'best' dish. After everyone had taken their medicine, they looked longingly into the distance, and then suddenly dropped to the ground, 'dead'. Two food buffs get!
 
Lin Le labored under Little Ye Tian's instructions. He used his bag to throw his flame flasks at the corrupted treants who appeared from the dead forest. They gathered a huge supply of burnt wood. Whether it was to vent their frustrations or because of their frequent inhuman treatment, once these treant's were stunned by Lin Le's flame flask, the party would slaughter them in a flash. The moment Lin Le threw the flame flasks, FrozenCloud and the others would charge out and unleash a barrage of skills, not holding anything back, leaving nothing behind. It was to the point that Ye Cang could barely find anything to harvest besides burnt woodchips, however, they still managed to find many Excellent quality equipment. Ye Cang had regained his position at 4th place on the level rankings. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le also rose in ranks. As for FrozenCloud, she had already surpassed her sister, FrozenBlood.
 
Little Ye Tian, in this short period of time, had already reached the game's current average level of 8.
 
As for the Entangling Roots skillbook, they actually got over 10 of them. Ye Cang had smiled bitterly and used one, and saved one for Nana. The rest were thrown into the cart and would be sold for a high price.
 
The party wantonly bullied the corrupted treant population by relying on Lin Le's flame flasks and his increase in damage dealt by consumable items.
 
...
 
ThornyRose looked at the level rankings and saw that Ye Cang had won back his 4th place position. She felt a burst of doubt. *Just what were they doing? They actually made up for their lost time so quickly?* She messaged the traitor, Lil'Dino. FrozenCloud's heart struggled once again, but in the end told her about the effect of Lin Le's talent on the corrupted treants. As for the experience, equipment and skillbooks, she glossed over it.
 
ThornyRose immediately stopped her activity at the fishmen village. She brought FrozenBlood and GreenDew, and madly rushed to the place FrozenCloud had told them about. The whole way, she was mumbling: "Damn lowlife, keeping all the benefits to yourself again..."
 
She arrived outside the forest and called Ye Cang.
 
"Where are you?"
 
"Mind your own business."
 
"You!"
 
"Oh right, your flame flasks. I, your father, will buy them all at market price! I'll pay in gold!"
 
"Get lost! I know you've been using Lele's talent to farm treants! I want in!"
 
"Lele! Your big mouth again!"
 
"I... didn't! At least... I don't remember..."
 
"You hear!? I'll give my flame flasks to Lele, then we can all profit together!"
 
Ye Cang hesitated. Little Ye Tian slowly nodded. "If she's not going to sell, just let her come. Let's turn as many flame flasks as we can into easy experience. It's good for us too. With her flame flasks, we can kill deeper into the forest."
 
"Alright, quickly get over here!" Ye Cang said and hung up the call. He then sent her their coordinates. Seeing that their food buffs were about to end, this was a perfect time to cook. They could conveniently eat together once she arrives.
 
ThornyRose and the girls hurried to the gathering point. The saw smoke rising in the distance. The disgusting smell of roast fish and hell in a pot drifted over. *It can be smelt from so far away!? Did the rat stew level up!?* She had the urge to turn and run away. She couldn't help slowing to a stop. She hesitantly walked forwards, step by step. Every few steps forwards, the smell of hell would force her back a step. Just where had her honor gone?
 
"Sister Rose, let's just use the flame flasks ourselves. Although the effects wouldn't be as good." GreenDew proposed while shivering. FrozenBlood didn't speak, only staring at ThornyRose.
 
ThornyRose saw Ye Cang glance towards them. "Let's go, don't lose face for our Thorns and Roses guild."
 
FrozenBlood sighed, and supported GreenDew who looked like she had just been sentenced to death. They followed her forwards.
 
"Let's hurry and eat, then we'll go farm monsters..." Ye Cang said in a weird voice, as he was pinching his nose.
 
GreenDew looked at the black tar like goop in the pot. Both the smell and the effects had risen a level.
 
ThornyRose looked between Ye Cang and the iron pot. *Did they add in the treant's that were burned to death?* She suddenly imagined something disturbing. If they ever killed human NPCs, would he still chop them up and throw them in the cart... She shivered at the thought.
 
After some inner struggles, everyone ate. The moment they obtained the buffs, they once again passed out on the ground.
 
Eventually, they all awakened with their bodies quivering. Ye Cang resisted the urge to vomit. *We can sell the Entangling Roots skillbook to them and scam them a bit. This thing's drop rate is too high, it'll be too late to scam them later.* He forced an indifferent expression, walked towards the handcart, and took out a skillbook. He threw an arm around ThornyRose's shoulder and brought her away from the group. "Seeing as we're a team, I'll sell you this for just 8 gold. I can't go any lower."
 
ThornyRose doubtfully took the skillbook. It was a control skill and its effects were not bad. 8 gold was pretty cheap for its value. For a control skill, although her heart would ache at the loss of gold, it was still acceptable. She crossed her arms and thought *this bastard didn't learn it himself. He didn't even give it to his little sister. He's selling it to me!? It seems fishy...* She raised her brows and said. "Since when were you so generous? Confess... what are you scheming?" 
 
Ye Cang froze. Then his brows furrowed in anger, and he walked away, full of indignation. "If you don't want it then forget it. I never thought you trusted me so little! It's only because I took the rock spike spell, and felt a bit guilty so wanted to compensate you. You actually don't believe in my good intentions! Madam! You really disappoint me! Humph~!!"
 
ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang's anger, and felt uncertain. However, 8 gold for this skillbook was a good price. Her pretty hands tugged on his arm, and she exclaimed. "Don't rush. Earlier was my wrong. I want this skillbook, can I pay in real money?"
 
"That's how it should be. Since we're such a close team, we should benefit each other. Pay in gold, recently we're not short on money." Ye Cang passed her the skillbook. ThornyRose, with an aching heart, took out 8 gold and handed it over. She then gave the book to GreenDew to learn.
 
"Sister Rose, did you just buy the Entangling Roots skillbook?" The traitor, FrozenCloud asked privately.
 
"Mm..." ThornyRose replied briefly.
 
"How much..."
 
"8 gold."
 
"Eh... you should look in the handcart."
 
ThornyRose pretended to accidentally walk into the handcart, and rummaged through it. Her face then turned red in anger. *F\*\*k! There were still 7, no... more than 8 books! That meant the drop rate for this book was high. I would have eventually gotten my own, yet I spent 8 gold! That damn lowlife!!* She stormed up to Ye Cang with a terrifying expression, and heard him talking.
 
"This is the skillbook, Entangling Roots. We currently are in need of gold, so I'll sell it to you for 10 gold! Too expensive? Alright, then I'll just sell it to Sister Rose, she'll definitely want it. Oh, is that right? Good choice, we'll complete the transaction when we get back to town."
 
"Brother CloudDragon! I happened to find an extremely rare magic skillbook, are you interested? Here are the effects. How much? 10 gold. Pay in real money? Sorry, but recently, I'm in need of gold. Alright then, I'll contact you when I get back to town."
