---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 116"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 116: Joint Business**
 
ThornyRose raised her brows. She knew that this damn lowlife had gotten into a conflict with Fighting King. At that time, she had tried to rush over to mediate. Thinking about it now, Fighting King knew that he was Really New Village's second in command, so for his guild, he wouldn't create any big feud. However, when did the two of them become so close? Moreover, he actually approved of this damn lowlife? The damn lowlife was be strong, she herself wasn't his match. He was powerful at magic, melee, and even ranged attacks. Hearing words like 'extremely rare' come out of his mouth, she thought to herself: *You scam me, then turn right around to scam NalanMoon and Fighting King. You really are a lowlife! But I can use this chance to get a big haul!*
 
ThornyRose crossed her arms, and tapped with her slender fingers. She began scheming about how many people she could scam with these skillbooks. She faintly let out a breath, releasing the anger that had built up, but the hatred remained in her heart. She gnashed her teeth until she saw that he had finished his calls and looked pleased with himself.
 
Ye Cang turned and saw ThornyRose grinding her teeth. He knew she had probably seen the pile of skillbooks in the handcart. He showed her his signature indifferent smile. "You heard it, I sold it to them for 10 gold. I gave you 20% discount. You don't have to thank me..."
 
ThornyRose, who was intending to form a partnership, heard his shameless words. She slowly walked over, then she charged towards him, mouth open wide. She again, bit his face, like a zombie.
 
"My face! My face!! This crazy old lady, she's biting my face again! Save me!!" Ye Cang's screams attracted everyone's attention, and they all broke out in cold sweat. Little Ye Tian's eyes were covered by Zhang ZhengXiong. "Don't look, it's too cruel..."
 
FrozenBlood took another picture, and then had to pull ThornyRose off of Ye Cang's face. Ye Cang took a deep breath, then pulled out a mirror to see the deep teeth marks left on his face. *There's definitely something wrong with her head! She's this crazy, she should go get it checked out!!*
 
After a few more minutes, FrozenBlood managed to calm ThornyRose down. ThornyRose, having regained her reason, looked towards Ye Cang. "I won't bother you about what happened earlier. I can help you find some clients for the skillbooks. 10 gold a book, I want 4..."
 
"That's a bit too..." Ye Cang started saying, intending to haggle over the price, but he saw the bloodlust in ThornyRose's eyes. He suddenly stroked his chin and nodded. "Fair, then let's do it your way... To a happy cooperation. Come, give me five..."
 
ThornyRose looked at his outstretched hand, and sighed deeply. She slowly reached out her pretty hand and tapped his. Then, she went to the handcart, and besides the one's promised to Fighting King and NalanMoon, she took the others. She began to find 6 acquaintances to scam. 
 
They spent the next two days holed up in the haunted forest. ThornyRose had also finally reached level 10. Ye Cang had reached level 11, and was now 2nd on the level rankings, surpassing Fighting King. What attracted ThornyRose's attention the most was Zhang ZhengXiong's shield. Any shield fighter would be envious, especially a female. His shield was so dazzling. It was like she was wearing an iron ring while someone else had ring with a big diamond on it. She really wanted to take it. Even if it wasn't useful, she could wear it around in town as it was so beautiful. It would represent her reputation and status.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong kept feeling a burning hot gaze on his back. Feeling somewhat terrified, he proposed. "Umm... Sister Rose, I'll let you use it for a few hours... alright?"
 
ThornyRose quickly seized it, and looked at the shield's attributes. *F\*\*k, it was actually two ranks higher than mine! Distinguished! It's not just pretty, it's defence is monstrous. Moreover, the +4 to all attributes is a bit of a waste on a fighter. We have no use for wisdom and intelligence. 10% damage reduction!? Even +10% to all attributes! Such a huge boost! It even had damage reflection and AOE crowd control.* She instantly fell head over heels for it. After a few hours, she was gently stroking the gems in the shield. Truly a shield fit for a lord. Zhang ZhengXiong returned her country bumpkin shield to her, and sensing her unwillingness to let it go, he quickly snatched it back.
 
ThornyRose wanted to buy it. Thinking it over, even though the shield would have to be replaced eventually, it was just too beautiful. It would be perfect to use as a fashion item. She fought with herself, and eventually decided it would be better to save the gold for next town, where it would be more useful. Many things would require gold. She reluctantly parted with it, and watched Zhang ZhengXiong equip it. *Hah~ all the good things have been taken by the pigs, or in this case, a dumb priest.*
 
Halfway through clearing the forest of corrupted treants, GreenDew was sent back to town to deliver the Entangling Roots skillbooks that people had ordered. After ThornyRose joined the party, they managed to find and sell over 20 books.  
 
...
 
Really New Village, Cemetery.
 
CloudDragon saw that NalanMoon's team had used Entangling Roots to trap an elite monster. *They have it too!? Wasn't it extremely rare?* NalanMoon also saw that CloudDragon's group used the same Entangling Roots. *Eh, they have it too?*
 
"Boss, those few people from the Flame Dragon Union, who are in Really New Village, also have Entangling Roots..." YellowSprings received the news and had an eccentric expression.
 
"A mage friend of mine also has this skill." BlackIce spat out after casting Entangling Roots.
 
"That guy..." CloudDragon frozen, and then started laughing. There was probably a place where the book was fairly common. They must have found it. Although the spell was pretty good if used correctly, but in a fight against an expert, this skill was too slow. *Extremely rare? That indifferent white head dares to scam me... Haha~ however, with this skills, some monsters have become much easier. It also reduces the health and mana we need. PaleSnow huh? Really, an interesting guy.* 
 
NalanMoon, who had also received the news, she ground her teeth. *You call this an extremely rare skill!!?* However, she had no choice but to suffer in silence since she had already purchased it. As for the skill itself, it had both an immobilizing and slowing effect, and was extremely useful. However, 10 gold! That damn white hair...!
 
...
 
At this time, Ye Cang and ThornyRose were counting their money. Ye Cang had received 120 gold, while ThornyRose got 80. Both of them were extremely satisfied.
 
At this time, they still had over 10 books, but ThornyRose knew that she would have to reduce the price. She had received the news that the buyers had finally met. However, they had already eaten their fill, the rest didn't really matter. After all, they knew it would only be temporary.
 
"Brother Lil'White! Sister Rose! It's another skillbook!!" Lin Le happily looted and shouted.
 
Ye Cang, who knew that the value of Entangling Roots had dropped, sighed. There was still a pile in their handcart. He said spiritlessly: "Just throw it in the cart..."
 
"Bro, It's not Entangling Roots! It's Thorns Armor!" Zhang ZhengXiong had taken the book and was planning to throw it into the cart when he noticed it's name.
 
Thorns Armor (2nd Rank Nature Spell - Rare): Chant 3 verses (3 seconds), granting the target an armor of thorns. Melee attackers will receive 3 nature damage in retaliation, and heal the target for 1 health. The skill increases based on the correlated attribute (slight effect). Lasts 2 hours. Cooldown: None. Cost: 15 mana.
