---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 117"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 117: Flood of Super Rare Skills**
 
ThornyRose looked at the skill, and pursed her lips. "It's a bit lackluster. It uses too much mana. In this game, where mana regenerates so slowly, 15 mana is enough to cast at least 2 other spells. However, if there was a way to regain mana, then it would be useful to cast on a tank."
 
"I remember the rat stew restores 1 mana every 10 seconds." Ye Cang thought of his own creation.
 
Everyone was speechless, they also recalled that that thing had such a miraculous effect. They didn't remember till now because it was so horrible that their minds had tried to forget it.
 
"The Monstrous Bird and Lizard thing also has the same effect..." Everyone thought of that dish that was considered alright. They had only eaten it that one time in the volcano and never again.
 
"Unfortunately we don't have enough of it." Ye Cang nodded. He didn't understand why, but the moment he brought up food, the atmosphere became heavy.
 
After some negotiations, Ye Cang ended up learning the skill. He had the highest spellpower, and he only cast magic temporarily in battle, so he didn't need to save too much mana. After casting Thorns Armor on ThornyRose, FrozenCloud and Zhang ZhengXiong, they continued to travel deeper into the forest. They had already used up more than half of their flame flasks. Part way, they had attempted to fight a group of 4 corrupted treants without using flame flasks, and they finally realized just how full of life these trees could be when they weren't set ablaze. It had annoying healing abilities, it's bark was hard so it was difficult to out damage its healing, and it even had a damage reflecting affect like thorns armor. Although they could manage to deal damage, the trees would just absorb the surrounding moisture and heal faster. The skills it had were Entangling Roots and Thunder Clap, which put everyone in a difficult situation. Thankfully they had Little Ye Tian's shield and healing.
 
"Monsters that have a fatal flaw are all exceptionally vicious if you don't take advantage of it. FrozenBlood, remember back when we killed the ooze? We beat at it for half a day and did nothing. It was pretty much immune to all damage, but once we used ice magic to freeze it, it was killed within seconds..." ThornyRose said with an unrestrained laugh. These four treant they fought without fire were comparable to bosses.
 
"There was also that iron boss. I remember various guilds were helpless before it, and they lost many people. But a professional player from Lord's Reign used an acid to break through it's defence, allowing them to slay it. That guy is now Lord's Reign's chief of alchemy." FrozenBlood said as she drank a health potion. 
 
"Mm, IcedLiquor. I wanted to get ElegantFragrance to steal him for our guild, but she disliked him because he was too much of a playboy..." ThornyRose sighed.
 
"Too much of a what? Sister Rose, can I speak to you about something?" Zhang ZhengXiong healed everyone's health and then jogged over.
 
ThornyRose looked at him and sighed. *Compared to you three, what problem is a playboy.* "What?"
 
"Sister Rose, we could be considered comrades. Do you have a decent girl you can give to me?" Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around her shoulder and whispered in her ear.
 
ThornyRose's expression became odd. *Comrades!? Although Thorns and Roses has many female players, but... what do you mean give you. You think I'm running a dating service or a brothel!? Am I a pimp!? F\*\*k, stinking playboy.* She said unhappily. "F\*\*k off!"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong rubbed his nose. He walked away and complained. "If you don't want to then don't. Why get so pissed off. Really... Hah~"
 
ThornyRose watched Zhang ZhengXiong complain and then go to GreenDew. He was then yelled at by GreenDew and returned dejectedly to that lowlife's side, sighing incessantly. She couldn't help but giggle. Although Zhang ZhengXiong was a bit perverted, but he was straight forwards. Having him in front of her gave her a sense of security. Having that damn lowlife behind her was also reassuring. Of course, that is if you ignored their personality.
 
"Brother Lil'White, Brother Lil'White! We got another Thorns Armor skillbook! Two in a row!" Lin Le's words cause Ye Cang and Thornyrose to freeze. The next few monsters actually dropped them tens of Thorns Armor skillbooks. The two of them quickly turned and began to call their contacts.
 
FrozenBlood and GreenDew smiled bitterly. These two skills would probably become a specialty of Really New Village.
 
"Miss Nalan. Thorns Armor! A super rare buffing skill! The duration is a whole 2 hours. It reflects damage! It can even heal! Most importantly, it even improves with the caster's attributes! Just 10 gold! What? I tricked you with the Entangling Vines? This time it really is rare. I personally guarantee. Super Rare! I'll just sell it to Sister Rose then. You! You can insult me, but you can't insult my tastes. What do you mean me and that b\*\*\*h are wearing the same pants and scamming people together? Gaah, it really is super rare. Just tell me if you want it or not! If you don't I'll sell it to someone else. That's the spirit. Paying in real money? Alright, but it has to be double~"
 
Slap~
 
ThornyRose, who was also scamming people, heard some insulting words, and suddenly turned around to strike. She performed a backhand slap to the back of his head, her eyes shined red. "What do you mean don't insult your tastes!"
 
Ye Cang cried out in pain, and turned around looking innocent. "You're so overbearing. I can't even speak badly about you behind your back..."
 
"F\*\*k! You call that behind someone's back!?" She pointed straight at his nose and roared. 
 
FrozenBlood saw they were about to fight again. *These two were definitely together in their past life, their grudge is so deep.*
 
"I had my back to you! If that's not behind someone's back, then what is? Are you a primary school student!? Ignorant!!" Ye Cang spouted.
 
*He say's I'm the primary schooler!? Ignorant!? I was actually called ignorant by this dumb fool!* ThornyRose stared blankly. Her face changed colors from red to a pale blue. FrozenBlood felt something was wrong, and quickly pulled her away as she was about to leap at him. "Earning money is more important! Earning money!!"
 
Ye Cang ruffled his hair, and continued to call CloudDragon.
 
"Brother CloudDragon. Thorns Armor, what do you think? Not bad, right? A super rare buffing skill!! Same price, just 10 gold. What do you mean I still have the nerve to scam you again? The time it's really super rare. Look at it's effects. Lackluster? How can that be!? You'll buy it, but only if you can pay real money? Alright, I'll reluctantly give it to you. NalanMoon payed triple in real money for hers. I'm not kidding! It's up to you Brother CloudDragon. Ok, I'm really not kidding. Triple? So forthright! It's a deal!!"
 
Seeing ThornyRose still selling off her skillbooks, he wrapped one arm around Zhang ZhengXiong, another around FrozenCloud, and said with a smile. "Your dream will soon become a reality, Lil'Dino..."
 
"Team Leader, I... I..." FrozenCloud stuttered. She knew these guys were serious. She wanted to confess, but was afraid of their reaction.
 
"Don't mention it. We understand." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled encouragingly.
 
"Transform! Lil'Dino..." Lin Le said, spreading his arms as if to fly.
 
"According to my calculations, when I grow up, I'll probably be a beauty. You can reference me when do you it." Little Ye Tian drew a grown up version of herself, and then shoved it into FrozenCloud's hands. She smiled as if she'd done a good deed. "No need to thank me..."
 
"..." FrozenCloud felt like her heart would stop.
