---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 119"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 119: Strengthened Corrupted Trees**

"Later, we should scatter and hide behind the bushes on either side. Shaking Bear, you'll be in charge of luring them over. We'll kill them here to avoid attracting even more." After deciding on a plan, they all leapt behind the bushes, waiting in ambush.

Zhang ZhengXiong went to go pull one. The three Strengthened Corrupted Treants all stood up and swayed over. They could finally see past the trees into the three paths, which all looked roughly the same. Suddenly, someone leapt out from behind the bushes. He freely spun in the air and 3 flame flasks flew out, each accurately hitting one of the treants. In the raging flames, the treants began to howl in pain and the cracking of bark could be heard. Ye Cang's Precise Shot shot into one of the cracks, hitting their exposed soul. After killing so many treants, he had already discovered their other weakness. The reason their bark was so hard and healed so fast was because it protected the soul inside. The moment he saw an opening, he shot a powerful shot, tearing through its softer insides and hit the part containing its soul. It was quickly followed by a double shot, dealing deadly damage. 

SpyingBlade saw those breathtaking arrows. All three of them had hit at the opportune moment. It seemed like no weakness could escape from PaleSnow's eyes. He was like a mysterious white alpha wolf, firmly staring at its target, waiting for the moment it could deliver a fatal strike. He had many skills, but could use them all accurately and skillfully. His movements were the most precise he'd ever seen. Though he seemed to just be doing whatever he wanted, but each action was completely optimized, such that there weren't any needless movements. If PaleSnow was the calm alpha wolf, then Shaking Bear was man-eating rabid wolf. Always the first to charge into battle. As for Lele, he was the little pup that was more fierce than any wolf in the pack. 

SpyingBlade's sword danced amongst the burning treants. Under the effects of the fire; whether it was their reaction speed, their defence, their recovery ability, or their life; all of it was reduced drastically. The fight was actually very relaxing for him. He just had to occasionally be careful of the roots and branches.

FrozenCloud blocked a strike from one of the burning treants. With one tonfa, she pushed the attacking branch aside, and with the other, she attacked. Uppercut, jab, jab. Lean and dodged another branch. Triple Strike! Wolverine Strike! Stunned! Bouncing like a boxer, she slipped in for an attack!! Shouryuukenn! She knocked it up while it was stunned!!

GreenDew's magic bombarded the treants fiercely, causing them to stagger.

Lin Le brandished his flaming anti-cavalry saber, leapt into the air, and performed an Execute! He landed on the ground with a roll, then went to pull out his sword which was embedded in his target. He swung his blade, cleaving it in half. He then turned to another one, and began chopping wildly. FrozenCloud didn't dare to approach, the chances of getting hit by friendly fire was too high. 

"That girl, FrozenCloud. She's got so many skills. Although Lele seems a bit stupid, but his fighting ability is maturing rapidly. It's clear that he's improving with every battle. It feels like his fighting talent is inversely proportional to his IQ..." ThornyRose looked at FrozenCloud who had been forced away from her target, and murmured. FrozenBlood slowly nodded. Moreover, they noticed that that girl's equipment was unusually good. Her weapons were a pair of top quality Masterwork tonfas, which meant that each of her tonfas would have a skill. Blunt weapons dealt more damage against these treants than bladed weapons, so her damage was high. As for Lin Le, he was just destroying them with pure strength. He even had a hidden class and his strange moves were appearing like flies. What happy strike? What handcart homerun?

The two of them, along with NalanMoon and SpyingBlade were about to finish off the middle one, but Little Ye Tian's warning arrived. "Sister Rose and the others, careful!!"

Their hearts skipped a beat. It was that little girl's voice. She wouldn't warn them without cause! Before they even had time to look around, another voice arrived.

"I'm coming!! Lele's Big Windmill!!"

*God Damn!* ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and NalanMoon's hearts all sank and cursed. They looked at the anti-cavalry saber and that pouting, angry little bull, both fast approaching them. They once again scrambled away, like panicking chickens. SpyingBlade had long since noticed, and had already prepared himself to leave the danger zone.

The worst off was FrozenBlood, who had been caught unprepared. She was nearly chopped in half along with the treant. Seeing the huge blade barely nick her shoulder, she recalled last time where that hatchet had almost smashed down onto her face, and she roared: "A skill that can so easily injure your teammates, can you please be more considerate to the rest of us! We weren't killed by the monster, but instead was almost sent back to town by our own team!!"

Lin Le looked at the three furious woman and blinked his eyes. He then smiled and said: "Don't worry! I already calculated that you would dodge. You don't have to thank me! I'll be off!!" After speaking, he ran off, shouting. "Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'Xiong! I'm coming!!"

He once again brandished his anti-cavalry saber and leapt towards the treant that Zhang ZhengXiong was keeping busy. Under the 3's combined attacks, and Little Tian's holy shield and healing, it was quickly settled.

"Lele... Hah~" ThornyRose could only sigh when dealing with him. *He calculated that we would dodge? If this lady hadn't blocked fast enough, I'd definitely be chopped in half! Even after blocking, I still lost quite a bit of health. That Lele's attack power... Hah~ he is the flame expert. In this forest, he is the top dog, I shouldn't provoke him.* She thought back to that video. He had actually dared to attack Fighting King's people right in front of him, without any warning. Chasing BlackIce all over the place. This brat was actually so ruthless.

The three treants dropped Superior grade equipment for the head and hands, as well as the 'super rare' skillbook - Thorns Armor. They also go 3 corrupted nature crystals.

The attributes of head equipment leaned towards defence. Zhang ZhengXiong and ThornyRose let FrozenCloud have it. FrozenCloud put it on and felt like she was wearing a crown of leaves and vines. Beside her was Little Ye Tian, and Lin Le, who were trying to brainwash her into liking the new TV show. She suddenly felt she was on a picnic. 

As for the hand equipment, it was a bracelet made of vines. It was equipment that gave wisdom and intelligence. After thinking it over, Little Ye Tian passed it to GreenDew. After all, they had taken her to level and given her many pieces of equipment. Moveover, she wasn't in a rush to improve her equipment.

"Oh right, the crystal, help me embed it when we get back." ThornyRose looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and said. She knew what the crystals were used for. She didn't know how many he had collected, but he should have some extra. 

"With pleasure..." Zhang ZhengXiong was forthright. But before he could finish, Ye Cang had run over and smacked the back of his head. He then continued Zhang ZhengXiong's sentence. "1 gold labour fee!"

"You!!" ThornyRose took a deep breath. *Right now, only Shaking Bear could embed the crystals. If we have to pay for it then we'll pay. That damn greedy lowlife!* She ground her teeth. "Alright..."
