---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 122"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks1: "Emilia"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 122: Fight To the End**

ThornyRose also paid attention to Ye Cang's tanking. Unlike the coarse, wild, and imposing Zhang ZhengXiong, his style was simple and efficient. It was like he planned the entire fight. He gave a strange sense of security, as if you could trust him not to die. You could trust him not to let you down. He was like a sword that had been sharpened from countless battles. *Just what kind of person is he? No... What kind of lowlife is he...?*

FrozenCloud was also puzzled. He usually gave the impression that he was as light as the winds and as free as the clouds. He would handle things indifferently and sloppily. Moreover, he was a bit retarded. Not just him, these three guys are all a little retarded... But even with all those negative things, when the party needed him, he would always appear with his sword and save the day. Of course, not including the so called remodelling funds.

SpyingBlade watched Ye Cang's tanking. When he had to block, he blocked without hesitation. When he took damage, he made sure to pay it back. When he dodged, there were no wasted movements. If he ever became truly angry, he would become extremely dangerous...

After a few waves of treants, Ye Cang retreated, switching with Zhang ZhengXiong. He attached the tonfa to his waist, and sheathed his mithril rapier. Drawing his heavy longbow, he returned to providing ranged support. NalanMoon secretly praised him in her heart. *He's outstanding in every field. Truly omnipotent. PaleSnow... I'll remember that name.* Before, she had thought his strength was all because of luck. But now it seems that, besides those times when his behaviour was an embarrassment, he had the potential of a top player. Not just any top player, but an all-rounder who could quickly change between types. No matter the type, he could demonstrate his simple yet effective style of fighting. 

The number of corrupted treants had been greatly reduced. Given this chance, ThornyRose and the other non-spellcasters stood guard, while Ye Cang, GreenDew, Little Ye Tian, and Zhang ZhengXiong endured the disgust and they ate the cold food. They restored their mana for what would probably be the final sprint.

"From before till now, it has already been 2 hours. We only have under an hour and a half left. Lele still has 25 flame flasks, which should be enough." Little Ye Tian said, looking haggard.

"Call me Brother Lin!!" Lin Le immediately jumped up and knocked her head.

"Brother Lin..." Little Ye Tian sighed, speaking reluctantly.

ThornyRose nodded. "Let's speed up. We're all healed up. Same plan, but faster!!"

After 5 more waves, which totalled about 20 treants, they finally approached the end.  Ye Cang could see a tens of meters tall, corrupted tree in the distance. The only things around it was wilted grass as well as 4 corrupted treants which were larger than the ones from before. "We've arrived. There are 4 treants that are stronger than the one's on the path. There's also an exceptionally sinister, giant tree. It should be the boss."

"Lele, how many more flame flasks do we have?" ThornyRose frowned. Although the flame flasks wouldn't be able to take the boss down, and with 4 minions beside it, that boss would not be easy to handle. It might be impossible without the use of flame flasks.

"10..." Lin Le looked in his backpack and only counted a few bottles strewn about.

"Use one on each of them. The rest will depend on how the bossfight goes. Shaking Bear, you should take one. Keep the boss busy for as long as possible. This quest is extremely important. Me, FrozenBlood, and PaleSnow will take the two on the left. Lil'Dino, SpyingBlade, and NalanMoon will be on the right. Lele, once you've burned them all, help the two sides to quickly take them down. GreenDew, provide support from the back. Little Ye Tian, you know your job. Everyone ready? This fight is extremely important, if you have any abilities, use them now. If we can save that old tree, he'll probably provide us assistance against the next boss. I'll have some people prepare ingredients for more flame flasks, but that's not till later. In short, everyone give it their best!!" ThornyRose raised her shapely eyebrows, showing the temperament of a leader. She assigned tasks for everyone, and they all nodded. NalanMoon thought of something, but shook her head and decided not to mention it. It wouldn't be too late to bring it up after obtaining the flame flask recipe.

"Crazy old lady, come here for a bit." ThornyRose almost blew up again after hearing Ye Cang's words. She resisted her urge to bite him, and calmed down. The big fight was coming. The two of them went off to the side, under the suspicious gazes of everyone else.

"The ??? skill on this ring with a 3 day cooldown, what is it? It's not an active ability. Me, A'Xiong and Lele have already tried experimenting with it. A'Xiong said it was an ultimate skill that allows you to mate with female NPCs. Lele said that it would activate if we ate monstrous bird meat every day. A chicken god will appear. If we ate that, we would become awesome and have the chance to take pictures with A'Suo and A'Duo. I've noticed that you're very experienced, and have been around for longer than we have. I'd like to hear your opinion."

"..." ThornyRose's head started to hurt from hearing his words. *What was all this nonsense? That Shaking Bear's head was full of perverted thoughts. As for Lele, he probably just wanted to eat something not terrible. He even used the girls from Sisters to tempt him. Also, what do you mean I've been around longer!? Are you calling me old!?* She sighed, and examined his ring. *!@#$%$ASDF! This ring was at least a Distinguished quality or better. It was something that shouldn't have appeared in a beginner village. Every attribute, magic power, all resistances... just how did he get it? It was a quest item, and it actually had a skill with a 3 day cooldown! Hearing his description, it was either something that triggered automatically, or could only be activated upon fulfilling some condition. Alina's Tear, it was very likely a quest item related to a legendary story. There was too little information, but she was sure it was something important.* She asked doubtfully: "How did you get it?"

"At the pawn shop." Ye Cang shrugged.

ThornyRose thought of her own bad luck at the pawnshop, and looked at Ye Cang enviously. Another good thing was fed to the pigs. "It should be a passive that only triggers given a special condition. Usually skills that are hidden and have such long cooldowns will have astonishing effects. All you can do is try different things and keep an eye out for it."

"Tch~ Obviously a skill with a 3 day cooldown will be astonishing. Hah~..." ThornyRose was just turning to go back to the group when she heard Ye Cang's disdainful muttering and disappointed sigh. Blue veins throbbed on her forehead.

FrozenCloud and the others who had been watching curiously saw that ThornyRose was about to explode. They hurried over to calm her down. "The big fight is near. The fight..."

ThornyRose calmed down, but continued roar in her heart. *Bastard! I'll definitely pierce his a\*s!*
