---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 124"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 124: Trust and Misfortune

With Ye Tian and GreenDew's death, the team had lost its support and ranged damage. ThornyRose knew they had to fight as if their life depended on it. "Don't worry about death! Ignore its attacks! Let's trade our lives for its!!"

Ye Cang received Little Ye Tian's final holy shield. He dodged past a root and cast a healing stream on Lin Le. If they wanted to kill this boss, Lin Le couldn't die. "Lele, continue to attack while looking for its weak point!!"

"Mm, I got it!" Lin Le nodded, and crushed another gold coin. The effects were now stacked twice for a total of 16 strength, 10 damage, and 20% attack speed. Lin Le madly unleashed a storm of attacks. The wind from his attacks actually blew away the black smoke.

"I can't go on!!" NalanMoon saw that she would die in about 2 seconds. She had already done what she could. In her final moments, she slashed out three times before falling to the ground and disappearing among the roots. SpyingBlade also sighed, there was already no point in dodging. He struggled to attack until his final moments. FrozenBlood took a chunk of its life with her as she died. All that remained were those with higher health, but they would only survive for another 5 or 6 seconds. Lin Le had Ye Cang's healing so he could still last a few seconds longer.

ThornyRose saw that she only had 10 health left. *Is this my final moment?* She furrowed her brows, and like a valkyrie, she leapt into the raging flames. Before Kunqi's attack could reach her waist, she stabbed her longsword into its core. She was then split in half and died.

FrozenCloud clenched her teeth. Her skills just came off cooldown, but her health didn't allow her time to get into position. She unleashed her barrage. Triple Strike! Wolverine Strike! Counter! Shoryuken! She disappeared into beam of light as she struck with her final Shoryuken. 

All that was left were Ye Cang and his brothers. Zhang ZhengXiong cast a final heal on Lin Le. "Bro! Lele! It's up to you two!! You damn bastard. Although I can't kill you this time! I, your father, shall eat you in the end!! Aaaaah!!"

Zhang ZhengXiong performed a barbaric tackle. Then with a frenzied roar, he smashed down with his war hammer and fell against the tree. Ye Cang was furious. He looked at the flames that were gradually diminishing. He and Lin Le continued to attack at the places that were still burning. Ye Cang saw that Healing Stream was off cooldown. He couldn't hold on for much longer, but the boss should be near its death. *2 seconds? That's enough!* He dodged past the attacks from the branches and roots, and cast his final Healing Stream on Lin Le. "Lele! It's up to you!!"

Lin Le felt the pressure on him becoming too big, and his little mind exploded. "Aaah! Lele will take you on!!"

His anti-cavalry blade swung furiously. Lin Le looked at his health and saw that he had a second left. *I'll use Execute!! But where is its weak point!? Gah, there's no time to choose!!* Execute!! Success!! Kunqi howled in pain, but it was still alive. Lin Le was about to use a rising slash, but he helplessly fell to his knees. His blade stabbed into the ground and he slowly collapsed.

"So close. If there was just one more guy, I'm afraid I'd be..." Kinqi hadn't finished speaking, when a silver light stabbed into its mouth. Under the light of the flames, countless silver flashes appeared. "You! It can't be! Aaah!! Impossible!! You were already..."

A figure jumped out of its mouth. "So it turns out the ring's ability was resurrection. A cooldown of 3 days. Damn awesome!! Haha! Who can stop me from looting the corpse now!! Who can stop my divine hand!! Divine artifact! Father is coming!!"

Ye Cang slowly reached out his right hand...

...

Really New Village, respawn point.

ThornyRose watched the people appearing around her and saw that Lin Le had also been sent back. Her expression became sad but still had a trace of unwillingness. "Were we defeated?"

"Don't be discouraged. If it were another party, they wouldn't even be able to reach where we did..." FrozenBlood consoled her.

"Exactly. SisterRose, don't feel bad. Oh right, where's bro?" Zhang ZhengXiong discovered that Ye Cang wasn't around.

Everyone's hearts shook. "Right, wheres 'that white haired ranger' / party leader / Brother PaleSnow / damn lowlife !?"

They looked around the resurrection point but found no trace of him. ThornyRose, Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian quickly messaged him. "You're still alive!?"

"Mm, the boss has already been killed by me. I've already given the core to elder Kunsa. Hurry back and get the reward..."

The party, who thought they had wiped, heard the news and were overjoyed! They did it!

"Damn lowlife!! I love you!!" ThornyRose said, laughing heartily.

Ye Cang was speechless. *'Damn lowlife!! I love you!!'!?  What kind of words were those!?* He sat beside Kunsa who was absorbing the energy from the core. Thinking they would arrive soon, he rubbed his nose, feeling a bit awkward.

The party rushed back without rest, and arrived at where Ye Cang was. "Let's go loot the corpse!!" ThornyRose said, then everyone froze. ThornyRose also thought of something. She turned towards Ye Cang. "Tell me you didn't touch the corpse. Please. You can't have!"

"Mm, it was like this. The boss... cough~ cough~, he must have been in a rush to leave home. He didn't have a single thing on him. However, I'll help you all vent your anger. Later, we can all eat corrupted treant elder and monstrous bird stir fry~~ Aren't you all excited~~?" Ye Cang looked at everyone's faces slowly becoming pale. He crossed his arms and said seriously: "Cough~ Cough~ So after looting the boss, I pried the crystal out of the altar and rushed back here. Look! Because of me, we managed to complete the impossible quest.You don't need to thank..." 

Before he could even finish saying the words 'you don't need to thank me', a figure had pounced towards him. Ye Cang's heart sank. *She still hasn't had her meds...*

"I'll f\*\*king !@#$ you #%%@#@" ThornyRose said, using some obscene words that she thought she would never use in her life. She suddenly pounced over and pushed him to the ground. 

NalanMoon and FrozenBlood had no intentions of stopping her this time. Truth be told, they also wanted to curse at him. *F\*\*k! We used so many flame flasks, and even ate your biochemical weapon. We finally killed the boss after so much trouble. 9 out of 10 of us died for this, yet because of you, nothing at all dropped!* Their originally happy hearts felt like it had been submerged in ice cold water. Their only hope now was the other half of the dungeon. NalanMoon now finally understood how ThornyRose felt. She felt like her heart would stop from anger, but had nowhere to vent it.

Even Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, Little Ye Tian, and FrozenCloud all turned away.

"Father, it's not that I don't want to help you, but there's nothing I can do. I'm but a child..." Ye Tian sighed deeply. She blamed herself for having no way to save him.

"Bro, it's not that I don't want to help you, but I still have a request for Sister Rose..." Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around Lin Le and Little Ye Tian. He even pulled FrozenCloud away.

"Brother Lil'White, it's not that I don't want to help you, but Brother Lil'Xiong won't let me."

"Team leader, it's not that I don't want to help you, but... how could you loot it! Hah~ Even I want to beat you at least twice..." FrozenCloud sighed.

SpyingBlade stood at the side, breaking out in cold sweat. *These people... Hah~ Brother PaleSnow, why did you do it?*

Everyone watched the frenzied zombie boar, ThornyRose, hold him down as she ate him and clawed at his lower body. They listened to Ye Cang's blood-curdling screams and shivered.
