---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 127"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 127: Back to Bachiya**

"My..." NalanMoon stood up and stepped in front of him.

"Oh right. Lil'Dino! Come over here!!" Ye Cang turned and shouted towards FrozenCloud. He also got Little Ye Tian to come over too.

Ye Cang urged them a bit. The extremely happy Ye Tian and the helpless FrozenCloud pushed the handcart filled with a pile of equipment, entangling roots skillbooks and thorns armor skillbooks, to go sell. They even set up a promotion. Buy one skill book and receive a random Fine quality equipment. Buy two and get an Excellent quality equipment. According to Little Ye Tian's scheme, they have already squeezed all they could out of the rich people in the village. The rest of the players couldn't afford it by themselves, therefore they used this method to encourage buying as a group.

NalanMoon saw that Ye Cang was trying to avoid the subject. Now she knew why ThornyRose always blew up on him. *This guy!* She reached out and grabbed his shoulder. "Mine!!!"

"Later I'll give you 40 flame flasks. I'll treat the money earlier as down payment..." Ye Cang patted her shoulder and said sincerely. 

NalanMoon's chest tightened. She knew she wasn't going to be getting that money back. She sighed deeply. *40 flame flasks was it? Well it was better than nothing.* "Contact me if there is anything..."

She quickly left, feeling upset.

Ye Cang shrugged, and then gave Zhang ZhengXiong all the crystals. He would be in charge of both embedding them and receiving payment. As for himself and Lin Le, they had been dragged away by ThornyRose and forced to make more flame flasks.

After half a day, Ye Cang felt his hands had been rubbed raw from gathering materials. He looked at the slimes littering the entire volcano, and felt disgusted. Lin Le also pouted, feeling heartache. He looked like a suffering child laborer as he walked while shaking a bottle. "Brother Lil'White, how many more do we need to make..."

"It's almost the weekend. We'll be going to the seaside hot springs and washing away all this stress. We can finally relax for a bit..." Ye Cang looked towards the volcano and recalled the hot spring.

Lin Le felt a bit better after hearing Ye Cang's words. He continued to pout as he walked and created flame flasks. Every high leveled member of Thorns and Roses knew of these two by now. The girls would be in front slaughtering while Ye Cang and Lin Le followed behind, gathering and manufacturing flame flasks.

ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang's powerless appearance, and her mood improved. She smiled from her heart for the first time in a while. GreenDew saw this and began to tremble. FrozenBlood walked over and patted her shoulder. She recalled Ye Cang's words and said with a smile: "Don't worry about her, she just hasn't taken her medicine..."

"..." GreenDew was speechless. She then arrived at a group of chattering girls.

"I hear that that's Sister Leader's boyfriend..."

"Really!?"

"Who did you hear that from?"

"Sister Icey told me. She even showed me this picture. This is evidence. Although Sister Rose pretends to be indifferent about it, but Sister Icey said she was very open."

"Eh, I feel disillusioned. I thought her and Sister Icey were a pair. But that PaleSnow does look pretty cool. That white hair with his feather robe, it's so handsome. He's even Really New Village's hero and survived a fight against Fighting King."

"But you rarely see players that turn even their eyelashes and eyebrows white..."

"That's true, it's a bit weird. Could it have something to do with Fighting King?"

"What? How!? How is it related to sir Fighting King?"

"Whenever we bring up Fighting King, you always become lovestruck. But Fighting King really is so handsome..."

"Cough~ Cough~ According to my source, PaleSnow and Fighting King were once lovers. However, for whatever reason, their love became hatred, and they parted. That's when PaleSnows hair turned white overnight..."

"Sounds bogus... I feel like I've heard that story somewhere before..."

"I have video proof. I will definitely get you. I will thrust into you. See..."

"Ah, gay love."

"There's definitely some story behind it."

"They're both so handsome. Hero and Fighting King...

"..." ThornyRose who was passing by facepalmed and wanted to smash her head into a wall. She looked furiously towards FrozenBlood. *You b\*\*\*h, spreading rumors everywhere! That damn lowlife? Handsome!? Did your heads get crushed by a train?* However, after hearing the second half, she couldn't hold back her laughter. She straightened up her expression before walking over and saying seriously: "You gossipers. Don't go spreading random rumors. Got it!?"

The girls heard their boss's words, and all nodded. ThornyRose stopped for a moment, then crossed her arms and tapped her foot. "However you're right, that guy is definitely not straight..."

Seeing all the girl's curious expressions, ThornyRose nodded satisfied and walked away. Seeing a nearby red slime, she charged over. The chatter began again.

"I feel really bad for Sister Rose..."

"Her boyfriend turned out to be gay. I'd be crushed if my boyfriend chose a man over me..."

"Hah~ let's not talk about it. It would be bad if Sister Rose heard us. Let's quickly kill these red slimes."

ThornyRose, who was in the middle of a charge, almost tripped. *Those girls. Good thing ElegantFragrance and the others aren't here. That b\*\*\*h has the loosest mouth.* She suddenly received a call. *F\*\*k, speak of the devil.* 

"Sister Rose! I heard your boyfriend is gay!? He was in a relationship with Fighting King!? I'm so jealous. I wish I could have such an interesting..." A clear and cute female voice transmitted through the call. She sounded exceptionally excited.

Before the caller could finish speaking, ThornyRose quickly ended the it. *News sure does travel fast. Just how good was that woman's gossip radar!?* She began beating on red slimes to vent her anger.

Suddenly, the volcano shook. The ground underneath everyone's feet shattered, and more than a hundred Thorns and Roses members fell onto a platform underneath the ground. Everyone lost a bit of health from the fall, and there were even many who fell directly into lava. Near the platform was some bubbling magma. Ye Cang and Lin Le both got up. A red female silhouette appeared. *Bachiya!?*

"Brave warriors. Because you've slain too many red slimes, you have awoken their sleeping leader. Please be careful, that guy's very mad." Bachiya warned them, seeming to be a bit afraid.

"Aren't you the boss around here!?" ThornyRose and Ye Cang looked at her frightened appearance and roared together.

"Ah, um. Because I slept too long, so my strength hasn't returned yet. Moreover, the lava slime - Kakalika has been absorbing the the volcano's power for so long. In other words, brave warriors, please get rid of it. Please! I'll cheer you on!" Bachiya imitated the humans and bowed sincerely.

ThornyRose was speechless. *This volcano's god is so useless. Is she a Cheerleader ranked creature or something!?* "Kakalika is the red slime boss?"
