---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 128"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 128: Kakalika

"Ugh, it's appeared..." Hearing Bachiya's words, everyone looked at the red slime wiggling out of the lava. It was over 10 meters in diameter, and it was even darker red than the other slimes. Its surface looked like rubies while red liquid flowed around inside it. It was surprisingly beautiful. However, its eyes were red with fury. "..."

Lava Slime Boss - Kakalika (Rare - Boss): A slime that lives deep in volcanos. Extremely strong.

"He said 'You damn humans, you dare kill so many of my children! Accept my, Kakalika's, wrath!' I feel like he's very angry." Bachiya translated for them. Ye Cang glared at her. *Wasn't that obvious!? Just one look and you can tell he wants to eat us alive.*

"Brave warriors, go!!" Bachiya shouted. A layer of red flame-like light surrounded everyone.

"Congratulations. You've received Bachiya's Cheers. +50 fire resistance, reduces all fire damage taken by 10, +10 Constitution. Lasts for 10 minutes."

ThornyRose felt a bit better. *With this buff, it should be possible. This boss is definitely not something you can fight with just a couple people. It's definitely a special field boss. The kind that gets stronger the more people you bring. We have about 113 people. The boss is almost here.* She quickly handed out orders. "Everyone scatter. Ranged classes find a stalagmite to hide behind. Melee classes, listen to my commands!"

ThornyRose stood in the middle, not far from where the boss was. Six tanks took position to her left and right and formed a wall. The rest scattered around the arena. "Give priority to using water magic! Hurry! Get in position!"

"Damn lowlife, GreenDew, use Tidal Wave!!" ThornyRose yelled as she lowered her stance and raised her shield. Her sword was drawn and ready to strike. She looked at the tanks to her left and right. *It would be better if Shaking bear was here. He has fire resistant equipment. Right now, the only main tank from Thorns and Roses in this town is me. Lily is in Maple Forest Village. LittleBeauty is in Moon Banyan Village. The few with me aren't too bad, but they are a bit lacking as the main force.* DyedLily and LittleBeauty were both Thorns and Roses'  2nd string tanks, second only to ThornyRose herself. They were core members of Thorns and Roses, were part of their professional club's main force, and held shares in the company.

As Kakalika climbed up, it opened its mouth and a 2 meter large ball of fire shot out. It was extremely fast.

"Dodge!" ThornyRose quickly dived out of the way. She sensed the blazing heat from the large fireball as it passed by her. Some of the melee players behind her were hit and sent back to town.

At this time, Ye Cang and GreenDew's tidal wave struck simultaneously. Kakalika was pushed back over two meters. Steam whistled as the water evaporated off its body, making it even more angry.

"Ranged attackers, attack! Melee and tanks, surround it!!" ThornyRose had the hunters attack while the boss was slightly weakened from the water attack. She quickly organized the melee players and charged.

Countless melee players struck the boss, while arrows rained down on it. The fight was extremely intense, and there was a steady stream of people being sent back to town. Kakalika began to breathe out fire to mow down the mob.

"Go around clockwise! Don't get hit by that!! Ranged attackers, hide behind an obstacle! Once the skill ends, continue attacking!!" ThornyRose roared to command everyone. She brought the melee classes to circle around the boss, running from its flames. Ye Cang couldn't help sighing as he hid behind a pillar. *That crazy old lady has great commanding skills. She's like a female soldier commanding an army. Too bad her head has problems. Hah~*

Lin Le swung his sword while circling the boss. He swung his blade happily as if he were playing around. The girls around him all had bitter faces, not daring to get close to him. They had to choose between being killed by his blade or burnt by the flames. 

"Lele! Don't swing so widely, give the people around you some space! Use vertical chops!!" ThornyRose wished Lele would just run. While he was waving around such a big sword, no one dared to approach 3 meters around him.

"Eeeh..." Lin Le changed his attack. Like a machine, he raised his sword up and down. He pouted unhappily, feeling bored.

The boss began to turn faster, and the flame began fluctuating in size. The biggest problem was that it didn't look like it would stop anytime soon. They couldn't break through it's crystalline surface. Even Lin Le's anti-cavalry sword was having trouble. When he struck, it would heal right back. People were still continuously dying. In just these short 20 seconds, more than half of them were gone. Especially the melee players.

ThornyRose felt helpless. How could they stop it!? It was immune to their stuns. It only stopped for a moment when tidal wave hit, but that spell had a cooldown of 30 seconds so it couldn't be cast continuously. If this went on, there would be too many deaths. She recalled Lin Le had a strong control skill and contemplated letting him try it. But she figured it wouldn't work. She then recalled he also had a skill where he could sacrifice gold for stats. 1 gold would give 8 Strength and it could have up to 2 stacks. 

"Lele, try out handcart homerun! Sacrifice some gold! Swing it counterclockwise." ThornyRose shouted.

"Mm!" Lin Le quickly took out and crushed two gold. He began to emit a gold light. He reached out with his two large metal gauntlets, and a handcart appeared in his hands. He grabbed it tightly and swung. "Lele Homerun!!"

Lele swung his handcart counterclockwise. Bang~!

Kakalika was knocked back 4 or 5 meters. It finally stopped its skill and became stunned. The members of Thorns and Roses watched amazed. That was too amazing! He almost knocked the boss flying away. That handcart... Too awesome! 

...

Meanwhile, back in Really New Village. Little Ye Tian and FrozenCloud who had sold quite a few things were taking a walk and watching the sunset. Little Ye Tian was sitting in the handcart, smacking her shield while shouting out some some catchy rhymes. She was like a little child, her legs swinging happily.

FrozenCloud was behind her pushing the handcart. Seeing Little Ye Tian, she couldn't help but smile. When she was small, her older sister had also pushed her on the swings and she'd smiled like that. Suddenly, the handcart she was pushing disappeared. Little Ye Tian fell and hit the ground. She began to shudder, and then angrily roared into the sky. "Damn Lele! Bullying me again!!"

FrozenCloud smiled bitterly and helped her up.
