---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 129"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 129: Appearing like a God and Vanishing like a Devil**

Back at the big fight, Kakalika was stunned by Lin Le. Ye Cang faintly smiled. Now was the time! He aimed at a big eye, and shot a Precise Shot followed closely  by a Double Shot! Shoo~ Shoo~ Shoo~ Three arrows pierced it! It released a horrible shriek. Before it had even finished screaming, a silver flash and three straight thrust skills struck. Dashing Straight Thrust, Multiple Straight Thrust, Straight Thrust! They all struck that same eye. Kakalika recovered from being stunned and saw the indifferently smiling Ye Cang. It felt a sharp pain in its eye and roared. It began gathering flame in its mouth. It had to kill this guy!!

"Dodge!" ThornyRose saw Ye Cang continuing to strike a pose, and remembered he had a water element substitution skill. She commanded the people around her. "Get ready!!" 

The moment the flames sprayed out of its mouth, the motionless Ye Cang had already become a water bomb and exploded! When the fire and water met, it caused a great explosion, dealing a large amount of damage. 

At that time, Ye Cang reappeared behind a stalagmite and waved his hand. Water bubbled around his pale hand, and with a push, a tidal wave shot forth! Kakalika had not even recovered from the last attack yet, and another one was already coming! It was again, hit by the tidal wave and weakened.

GreenDew's tidal wave followed close behind. Kakalika, who was already weakened, became stunned!!

"Go!! Finish it! Don't drag out this boss fight!" ThornyRose charged. They definitely can't drag this boss fight. The boss's ultimate skill probably hasn't even been revealed yet. They couldn't afford to give it a chance to use it!!

Lin Le took this chance to activate Berserk! Angry little bull mode activated! It was then followed by a Leap! While it was still weakened, Bloodmoon Chop! He then pulled out his blade and activated Whirlwind Strike! ThornyRose smiled bitterly and dodged out of Lin Le's attack range. She attacked while she ran. Not far away, a bunch of girls were cheering them on. "Brother Le, so mighty! Leader, so valiant!!"

Lin Le heard it and froze. There was actually tens of girls calling him Brother Le!? He began to shiver and roared towards the sky. He was like a devil incarnate, as he raised his blade high. FrozenBlood was about to go attack, when she noticed Lin Le preparing a big move. She had a bad feeling, however there was so many places for him to chop at, what were the chances he attacks where she was? She waved her sword and slashed at the Slime, but her senses continued to scream at her!! She looked up and saw the large blade slashing down towards her. She just barely dodged it, as the black sword slashed past her ear. Execute!! Success! A huge damage number appeared as the anti-cavalry saber slashed through the slime. FrozenBlood looked at the blade that was only 2cm away from her waist. *That was definitely on purpose! There's no way he accidentally almost kills me every single time!*

Lin Le once again roared furiously, and pulled his blade out, bringing with it a splurt of hot red liquid which splashed onto her face. *Damn scoundrel!* She cursed at him in her heart as she dodged his next strike. *Does this guy not care about the life or death of his teammates!?* She gave up her spot and moved closer to ThornyRose.

The melee players whom had just arrived, as well as the ranged players also attacked furiously, taking advantage of its stunned and weakened state.

Ye Cang again changed from being a ranged sniper, to a surprise attacking assassin. He became a flash as he performed his Straight Thrust combo. His sword became multiple silver streaks, looking both deadly and beautiful. Seeing Kakalika awaken and glare at him angrily, he smiled bitterly. *Me again?* He sensed a giant fireball speeding towards him. Everyone thought it was too late to dodge. ThornyRose knew he still had a disgusting skill. "Don't stare! Keep dodging and attacking!"

Ye Cang activated his Hero Fish accessory's ability, and disappeared. He became a black shadow that flashed and attacked Kakalika. Six attacks struck, then the silhouette slowly floated back to its position. Kakalika was extremely enraged. *That damn human! I might die, but I will drag that human down with me!* It disappeared, and appeared right behind him, spitting out a fireball. Ye Cang, who was stealthed, smiled. He had already used Mirror Image, leaving behind a water bomb. He activated his shoe's ability and slipped away, appearing not far away to the left to shoot a used Precise Shot and Double Shot!

Boom~! The water clone and fireball collided again, creating an explosion and a huge amount of steam. Precise shot and Double Shot arrived. Along with everyone's joint attacks, the crystal layer shattered, leaving behind a puddle of boiling liquid. 

"Congratulations. You've slain the Lava Slime - Kakalika. Received 1100 experience."

Everyone finally relaxed. The fight was finally over. There were only 30 some people remaining. Many people had died from the flames, even with Bachiya's buff. Without it, even if the fireball doesn't hit, it would have killed players by just being nearby due to the temperature.. 

The moment the boss died, ThornyRose pounced on Ye Cang. She clenched her teeth and said in a cold voice: "I won't give you another chance! Heh heh..."

Ye Cang shivered. This lady's sickness was serious. Such a perverted laugh, it seems like her madness was getting worse...

"So it's true! Sister Rose is so open. But Brother Le and the hero were so cool in that fight."

"Brother Hero was amazing, appearing and disappearing like that..."

"Brother Le's sword was so manly. Too handsome!!"

"But in the end, leader is the mightiest!"

"Kiss! Kiss!!"

"Get lost!!" ThornyRose roared. The girls moved away and began whispering among each other.

ThornyRose felt her heart ache. *This is all to protect everyone's hard work... They'll understand some day.*

Lin Le, receiving ThornyRose's glance, quickly looted the corpse. Then quickly passed everything to her.

"Why did you do that? Last time was a mistake, really. This time I'll definitely loot a divine artifact... My divine hand..." Before Ye Cang finished speaking, he saw ThornyRose grinding her teeth as well as her rabid appearance and freaked out. He quickly moved towards Lin Le, who was basking in the girls adoration. He sighed in his heart. *That mad woman's guild has a lot of normal people...*

FrozenBlood remembered that attack that had almost chopped her in half, and stomped towards Lin Le who was enjoying being called Brother Le. She roared at him angrily. "You did that on purpose!"

"I didn't. I looked around and decided that the spot you were in was the best weakpoint for my skill. It's your fault for standing in the wrong place. Now go away, I'm busy." Lin Le glared at her, then returned to received the cheers from the crowd of girls. FrozenBlood was left stunned, staring off into space. GreenDew sighed. "Now you know how I feel."

"Oh, thanks for comforting me. At least he remembers me..." FrozenBlood patted her shoulder and smiled.

*This woman isn't your usual black bellied miss.* GreenDew could now understand some of ThornyRose's difficulties.
