---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 131"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 131: Blessing Business**

Bachiya didn't really understand what he wanted to do, but she understood his words. She nodded. "I'm going to grant you my blessings. It will use the power of the volcano to empower everyone's physique."

ThornyRose understood. She quickly asked. "Can we call a few more people over to receive the blessing?"

"Well, you can, but not too many. Including those who died, you can have another 20. I don't have enough strength to bless more than that." Bachiya nodded after thinking it over.

Ye Cang quickly contacted Zhang ZhengXiong, FrozenCloud, Little Ye Tian, and SpyingBlade. When it came to NalanMoon's turn, he hesitated. *Don't blame me, who told you to carelessly spend so much money.* "Super rare permanent buff reward. 10 gold! You coming? There are limited spots available! What do you mean I'm a slave to money? I just know how to earn it. Hah~ I didn't know that was how you saw me. Then I won't keep bothering you! Now that's much better, quickly bring over your gold. I'll give you two other spots, 30 gold in total. You can pay half gold half federal dollars..."

...

"That money hording scum..." NalanMoon ground her teeth. *I'm almost out of gold that I had worked so hard to earn, but a permanent buff is too tempting.* She quickly brought NalanBeauty and NalanMight to rush over.

...

"Brother CloudDragon. A super rare permanent buff, just 10 gold a person! Too expensive!? NalanMoon had to pay 12 gold a spot, and she could only bring 2 people. Because of our friendship, I'll let you bring 3. There are limited number of spots! Hurry! Just tell me if you're coming or not! 20 in gold and 20 in federal dollars! So straightforward!!" Ye Cang currently only had 2 big clients. He turned and saw that ThornyRose was also scamming people. She was even more ruthless, selling spots for 15 gold.

Besides Ye Cang's team, and the people he invited, ThornyRose also invited a few core members from famous guilds. CloudDragon arrived, and looked at the people coming in one after the other. There was even some trash from the Flame Dragon Union, it was definitely ThornyRose pulling them in to take their money. He saw ThornyRose and nodded to her. He then crossed his arms and stood to the side. His gaze swept around and landed on Spying Blade. SpyingBlade also saw him. 

"Coward..." CloudDragon said coldly. SpyingBlade frowned but didn't reply. He leaned on a stalagmite and began thinking.

Everyone had arrived. Bachiya yawned. "Ok, I need to hurry back and sleep to restore my power. Brave warriors! Accept my Blessing!!"

The lava bubbled furiously, and everyone was wrapped in a warm current.

"Congratulations, you've received Bachiya's blessing! Gain +10 fire resistance, +2 Constitution, +2 Strength, +2 Wisdom. Increase the effect of fire spells by 5%. Receive 1 common talent point."

CloudDragon had been feeling rather unhappy. Ye Cang had already taken tens of gold from him. However, just this talent point was worth 10 gold. Talent points were extremely hard to get. There was only 1 every 10 levels and one more for being human. As for class talent points, they could only be obtained from some rare quests. Of course, some talents could be learned and upgraded at the class instructors in the next town, but there wouldn't be many. Although he didn't know what was after this village, it shouldn't be too far from what he expects. Moreover, these other bonuses from the permanent buff was definitely worth more than 10 gold. Generally speaking, he had profited a lot.

"Bro, should we use our talent point?"

"Save it for now. Just incase we get a really good common talent." Ye Cang thought for a bit and decided to save it. He currently only had Clever and Deft, which he didn't really need to improve. Everyone agreed, and saved up their talent point. As for Little Ye Tian, she didn't even have a common talent to add it to. Many of the players here had the same problem.

Lin Le saw BlackIce staring at him as if 'in love'. He drew his anti-cavalry blade, and ran over to her. BlackIce quickly stepped back, raising her guard. VastSea furrowed his brows. *What's he doing?* YellowSprings showed a sinister smile, feeling unhappy. *That's the guy that started the conflict last time. He's powerful and covered in good equipment. His killing power is strong.* CloudDragon also looked over doubtfully. BlackIce saw Lin Le approaching step by step. *That guy makes no sense. He definitely has a mental disorder. Who knows if he'll attack.*

"Team leader, Lele ran over. What's he doing!?" FrozenCloud asked, a bit worried. The atmosphere was rather tense. ThornyRose also looked at him doubtfully. Ye Cang smiled and shrugged. "I also don't know..."

"You..." Lin Le pointed and looked at BlackIce, confused. "Brother Lil'White!! She looks so familiar. I think I've met her somewhere before. Is this that green something that you told me about!? Why are you with these guys? Aren't you a member of Thorns and Roses?" 

"F\*\*k! I've been right here the whole time! Am I air!!?" GreenDew roared.

Lin Le turned and looked at GreenDew. He blinked and then looked confused again. "Really!?"

Lin Le looked towards FrozenBlood to confirm. FrozenBlood nodded at him. He walked back, pouting and murmuring. "It's all your fault for having no presence. I almost got the wrong person because of you."

GreenDew heard his words, and her mind became a mess. *Do I really have no presence?* She turned and looked towards FrozenBlood, looking for another opinion. 

FrozenBlood nodded, a bit of sadness in her eyes. She reached out and patted GreenDew's shoulder. "He hasn't recognized BlackIce either, right? She's more beautiful than you yet is still so good at hiding her presence..."

GreenDew chest tightened. *Was this even considered comforting!? I don't need your comforting! I have a fresh and lively appeal!!* She glared at FrozenBlood. *Just how black bellied is this woman?*

CloudDragon stared astonished. Then his lips curled into a smile. *Such an interesting little midget.* YellowSprings was also astonished. He chased her around town for several blocks, yet he still doesn't remember her? How thick are his nerves!? VastSea didn't know what to say. He looked at BlackIce's face alternating between pale and red. The veins on her forehead could faintly be seen pulsing. She shouted in rage: "Hey, midget!"

"Brother Lil'White, she's bullying me. She called me a midget! Too cruel! Can I kill her!?" Lin Le pouted, feeling wronged. He drew his blade and prepared for battle.

BlackIce was bewildered. He's coming again! From this distance, VastSea had time to stand in front of her protectively.

"..." Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ye Tian, and everyone else all looked at him. *Can you not use such a minor grievance to justify such terrifying actions.*

"Come back Lele. Don't cause trouble." Ye Cang indifferently said. ThornyRose wanted to interfere, but she heard Ye Cang's words and saw that Lin Le was coming back, albeit unwillingly. Looking at BlackIce and the others, who were on alert, CloudDragon raised his brows. *This little midget is good at catching others off guard. Earlier, he asked for PaleSnow's permission, yet directly attacked without even waiting for an answer. He seems like he'd be an annoying heavy weapon's user. In a fight, the first attack is important. Surprise attacks must be fast and fierce. Heavy weapons users had to finish the fight fast, otherwise they aren't very good against classes like assassins and grapplers, but they are strong in team-fights. The fearless war god - Solas Angelique was like that too. No one could survive his first attack.* He smiled and looked towards BlackIce and the others. "Let's go."

No one treated the farce between Lin Le and BlackIce seriously. CloudDragon looked over at Ye Cang. "I owe you a favor for this opportunity..."

The two of them stared in each other's eyes for a few seconds. Ye Cang smiled. "Take care. If there's any other business opportunity, I'll contact you..."

CloudDragon snorted and turned to leave. BlackIce looked at Lin Le that was making faces at her. *Am I competing with a primary school kid? I was actually caught off guard both times.* She sighed and followed the others.
