---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 132"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 132: Slime Ring Upgrades Again

"Thanks..." A cold, long haired man from Flame Dragon Union nodded towards ThornyRose. Thinking of the earlier scene, he looked towards Ye Cang. *So that's Really New Village's' Hero?* He didn't stick around, and brought his people to leave.

"A'Xiong, here's a slime series ring. You can swap your weapon for this too." Ye Cang gave the two things over to Zhang ZhengXiong.

Zhang ZhengXiong was very excited. A new weapon!! The red saber looked so cool. He threw his war hammer into the handcart. Then, he took out his own ring, to see if they would fuse. As expected, the Fluorescent Crystal Ring split and became two drops of slime. The Lava Slime Ring also became a scarlet-red drop. Then, as if they were long lost friends, they joined together, becoming a beautiful 3 colored ring.

Lava - Fluorescent - Crystal Ring (Unique - Distinguished - Slime)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

Damage: 6 - 7

+5 Defence

+5 All Attributes

+5 All Resistances

+6 Spell Power

8% Damage Reduction

Bright Flame Flash: Immediately cause a burst of bright flame that deals 30 points of light/fire damage to targets in front of you. Has a chance to inflict blind. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

Light Explosion: Shoot a glowing sphere of flames that deals 55 points of fire damage. Has a chance of stunning the target. After hitting something, the sphere will explode dealing 10 points of light damage and 32 points fire damage to the area, with a chance to inflict knockback, knockdown, or blind. Also causes the enemy to burn for 3 light/fire damage per second for 6 seconds. Cooldown: 1 hour.

ThornyRose secretly approached. She looked at the ring's stats and was struck dumb. *God damn. How does a Distinguished quality item have these attributes!? It has two godly skills that anyone would kill for. It even has pretty good attack, defence, resistance, and spell power. This ring would last him a really long time.* She looked at the beautiful ring made of three different colored crystals, as well as that crystal shield that was like a  high quality diamond, and the crimson red long saber. *Damn priest! Stinking Shaking Bear!* She thought, staring enviously at them. It was like seeing a girl on the street who was decked out in beautiful pearls and dazzling jewels, while she was just some poor street vendor. She felt a strong urge to rob him!!

Zhang ZhengXiong felt a chill down his back and saw ThornyRose's burning gaze. He felt like she was going to flay him alive. "Bro, she looks scary..."

"She hasn't had her meds..." Ye Cang whispered. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly hid far away.

FrozenCloud happened to hear them, and broke out in cold sweat. She looked at ThornyRose and sighed in relief. It seems like she didn't hear, her entire attention was on those three gorgeous items that Zhang ZhengXiong carried.

SpyingBlade looked at FrozenBlood's dagger, then looked at his own weapon, and sighed. The other assassin, NalanMoon, also noticed FrozenBlood had changed weapons. With one glance, she could tell it was better than her own. It was definitely a Distinguished quality item. She asked doubtfully: "What were you guys doing?"

"We killed a field boss. We lost over 70 members just to kill it..." ThornyRose said with a bit of grief. Her gaze never left Zhang ZhengXiong, who was pretending to be sorting the items in the handcart. *Hah~ Priest... Why can't he be a good priest and heal people, he has to go and become a tank. Wearing such good things... such a waste...*

SpyingBlade and NalanMoon nodded. So it turned out to be a big field boss. They felt regret at not being able to get a share of the loot.

"Give me a gold coin..." Ye Cang came up to her said indifferently.

"What?" ThornyRose snapped out of her daze and asked.

"Just give it to me..." Ye Cang said, sounding urgent and impatient. ThornyRose doubtfully took out a gold and handed it to him.

Ye Cang rubbed the coin, and then handed it to Little Ye Tian. "Earlier, Lele used two gold to fight the boss. This will be the compensation..."

"You!!" ThornyRose felt her chest tighten. She took a deep breath and clenched her fist. *Endure it. If he wants to share the costs, then just share it. We earned so much just now anyways.* 

"Brother Lil'White, the system says I learned a new recipe. Minor Refined Molotov Cocktail<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>" Hearing Lin Le's words, ThornyRose and Ye Cang ran over.

Minor Refined Molotov Cocktail: Throw at the target to deal 30 points of fire damage and inflict burn which deals damage over time.

It was much stronger than the Minor Flame Flask.

"What materials does it need?" ThornyRose asked, concerned.

"Still slime oil, but it needs double the amount and requires a complicated process. To compress two bottles into one, as expected of the art of alchemy. You wouldn't understand even if I explained it." Lin Le pouted and showed off like Ye Cang did with his cooking. ThornyRose and the girls rolled their eyes at him.

"Lele, try using the slime oil from the boss..." Ye Cang passed the lava slime oil that he had gathered to Lin Le.

Lin Le took out another bottle, and began fiddling with it. He shook it and swirled it and even threw it in the air, spun, and then caught it from behind. He smiled happily. "I learned another recipe - Powerful Oil Flask."

ThornyRose didn't know what to say. *Did you have to make it look so fancy like a bartender? Such exaggeration.* She thought, then remembered Lin Le's childlike temperament and sighed.

Powerful Oil Flask: Throw at the target to deal 50 points of fire damage and inflict burn which deals damage over time.

Lin Le was able to make 5 bottles of Powerful Oil Flasks using Kakalika's remains. He then took all the already made Flame Flasks and compressed them into Refined Molotov Cocktails. He worked himself half to death and managed to make 300 of them. Ye Cang then requested Little Ye Tian to set a sky-high price for them. Little Ye Tian analyzed it calmly and with the labour fee, it came to a total of 20 gold for 150 bottles which ThornyRose paid, enduring the pain in her heart. Ye Cang also had Little Ye Tian give 10 to NalanMoon.

"Wait, didn't you say 40? Even if you compressed them, it should still be 20! Why are there only 10?" NalanMoon quickly asked.

"40 divided by 2 is 20? It's not as simple as that. Only Lele... Brother Le can compress them, so we have to charge more labour fee. 10 bottles is correct." Little Ye Tian stepped forwards and explained. She noticed Lin Le glare at her when she called him Lele and quickly corrected herself.

"Mm~ Little Tian, good going... I'm very proud of you." Ye Cang gratefully pet Little Ye Tian's head.

NalanMoon clenched her fist. Such an overbearing hidden clause! She then saw FrozenBlood comforting ThornyRose who was leaning against a stalagmite, and smiled bitterly. *Well, so be it. That money loving, swindling, scum.* "When are we continuing the instance...?"

"In the morning. Later, I'm going to go see the mayor." Ye Cang said and NalanMoon nodded. *It's only him that can go straight to the mayor. He actually sucked up to the mayor so much that he became 2nd in command. Too bad he's scum.* She sighed, then brought NalanBeauty and NalanMight away.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Part way through the story, the author changed flame flask to molotov, but I've been keeping it consistently as flame flask. I assume this is the upgraded version of the flame flask, but I figure this is a good time to use the new name. So Minor Refined Molotov Cocktail instead of Minor Refined Flame Flask.