---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 134"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 134: Return to the Jungle Instance**

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. They actually got two followers at once. It was impressive even if one was an old person and the other a child.

Since Rica became Ye Cang's follower, he could now sell things in her grocery store. Moreover, Rica was even better at setting prices than Ye Tian, afterall, she was a local and has had countless years of experience.

With a lazy stretch, Ye Cang and the others logged out to eat. After eating, they went towards the jungle to meet up with NalanMoon and the others. Many of the Thorns and Roses members and the Freedom Alliance members that were here to farm skillbooks had already retreated. It was a nightmare to kill these treants without suppressing them with fire. Of course, against Lin Le, the master arsonist, they were not difficult at all. What ThornyRose was most jealous of though was that bag of his. Unfortunately it was a class exclusive item. Besides being able to use multiple items at once, it also had an extraordinarily large capacity.

...

After they had left Rica's store, it's popularity suddenly spiked. In the past, there were only a few people who would come to buy their daily necessities, but now there were suddenly many special items for sale. There were even Excellent quality and above equipment. Although the prices were frightening, there were still many rich players buying gold in the black market to purchase them. Most importantly, Rica didn't only sell to players, many guards also came to shop.

"Look guys, even those arrogant guards are buying equipment there!"

"Go look at your sister! If you're not buying, stop taking up space! Peasant."

...

Meanwhile, Ye Cang met up with the others and entered the instance once again. The original corrupted scenery had improved a lot. Kunsa's surroundings had regained it's original liveliness. Moreover, Kunsa itself seemed to have become much healthier and full of vitality.

"Her strength has improved yet again. She continues to suppress my efforts to improve the forest. However, this means her power of corruption is weakened. Brave warriors, now is the time to cleanse her. I will stay here and continue to resist. If I were to move, she might become suspicious. Once you begin your fight, I will move to back you up." Kunsa looked at everyone and said.

ThornyRose nodded. It was a temporary NPC helper. They just needed to fight the flower fairy until a certain phase, then Kunsa will come and restrict her. Normally, bosses that require helpers to fight would be abnormally strong. "Does she have anything we should be aware of?"

"Beware of her pollen. It will make you see illusions. You must remember clearly who is real and who is fake. Now hurry!" Kunsa warned.

Ye Cang stroked his chin. *Her pollen is it?* The party made it's way back to the three way junction, and then took the only unexplored path. The path wound through the jungle and was like the others, infested with corrupt treants. However, because of Kunsa's restriction, everyone could clearly tell that the battle was much easy. Their reaction and healing ability had been greatly reduced. Then add on Lin Le's refined molotovs, Flame Burst, Fireball, Flame Blade, as well as the various other fire attacks, it took them almost no effort to kill their way to the end. They got a large amount of equipment and materials. Those who were under level 10 before the instance had all level to 10. Ye Cang was already halfway through level 11, sitting firmly in 2nd place in the level rankings, above both CloudDragon and MistyVeil.

"If only we could keep repeating this instance, that would be so good. Whether it's equipment or experience, it's all so easy to get." Zhang ZhengXiong lamented.

ThornyRose smiled and nodded. She looked at Ye Cang and thought: *If we could run it one or two more times, that guy could probably even become number 1 in China's level rankings. This place was too efficient. The enemies gave so much experience, and because of the molotovs, they were simply experience farms.*

"There's a spot for treasure over there. In the eighth tree in the woods to the left, there should be a secret stash." SpyingBlade said, walking out from the shadow of the trees. Ye Cang was immediately full of energy, as if he was injected with steroids. "I'll open it!"

NalanMoon quickly attempted to pulled him back, but didn't have the strength. The most she could do was slow him down, but this was enough to allow the anti divine hand expert, ThornyRose, to intervene. Lin Le jogged into the jungle, and disappeared from Ye Cang's envious gaze... "Why can't I loot! You're all prejudice!!"

"Why!? You actually ask us why!? Prejudice!? Just how many things have we lost because of you!! The boss definitely would have dropped Distinguished quality equipment!!"

"It was obviously because the boss forgot to bring them when he left home!! I just happened to loot another boss that forgot his stuff! Besides, I was the one who completed the mission!! You should let me loot the chest as a reward! You should also let me loot the boss!! Let me loot!! Aah!!" At Ye Cang's abnormal attachment to looting, NalanMoon felt her scalp tingle. She began to feel like being in this team was too tiring. It already took all their luck and strength to fight the boss, yet they still couldn't relax. They had to worry about the party leader cursing it. Most importantly, he was damn shameless, money-loving, scum. She looked at ThornyRose acting as deputy leader, and felt a bit of admiration. Before, she thought they were sharing pants (working together). She sure was wrong about that. Although they were sharing at least half their pants, but recalling those scenes that put ThornyRose's reputation to shame, she felt a bit of sympathy. She was doing it against her will, for the benefit of her guild...

"Go touch your sister! If you dare to ruin another boss, this lady will tear you apart!!" ThornyRose held onto him tightly from behind and roared. 

"Ignorant, crazy old lady. Your wisdom is as short as your hair. You understand sh\*t! When I loot a divine artifact, it'll be too late for you to regret! Now release me!! Lele! Get back here! Mine is the true divine hand! Divine hand!!!" Ye Cang spouted. He reached out his right hand towards the direction of the chest, and continuously made grabbing motions. That stubbornness and attachment made ThornyRose feel helpless. She heard a certain word from Ye Cang's mouth, and her rage exploded. She also opened her mouth, but no words came out. Instead, she bit down on his face. At this time, Lin Le's voice arrived. "Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'White! We got an accessory! There's also light leg armor!" 

Lin Le's words made the two stop mid action. An accessory!? They released each other, and said as if with one voice: "Bring it over!!"

Everyone looked at their sudden transformation, and were speechless. SpyingBlade watched them with an odd expression. It was like these two were born to be a couple. However, an accessory! This was the rarest equipment type! According to his estimate, there shouldn't be more than 4 people with an accessory. Brother PaleSnow probably has one, because the Blue Scaled Fishmen's only accessory had already been taken. Besides PaleSnow, he couldn't think of any other person who had enough fame and scales.
