---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 137"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 137: Real or Fake

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'Xiong! Little Tian! Lil'Dino! Where is everyone! I'm over here!!" Lin Le waved his large blade in the air and shouted loudly.

GreenDew heard Lin Le's voice and became delighted. She jumped out from within the forest, and said in a low voice. "It's me!"

"Another stranger! Die!" Lin Le readied his blade to attack.

"We're teammates! I'm GreenDew from Sister Rose's team!" GreenDew chest tightened and she quickly explained herself. At this range, she had no chance to dodge Lin Le's attacks. Even if she got lucky and dodged, if he really wanted to kill her, it would only take a few more seconds.

Lin Le hesitated, then asked doubtfully: "Really? From Sister Rose's team? Since when? Our party only has Brother Lil'White, me, Brother Lil'Xiong, Little Tian, Lil'Dino, Sister Rose, Frozen something, something Moon, something Blade, and I think there was one more extra... We really might have such a person... No! You're trying to trick me! No bad guy can deceive my two eyes!"

Lin Le's ahoge began to spin like a radar as he stared at GreenDew. He walked forwards step by step, his blade still ready to attack. "Tell the truth! Who are you! Are you a spy sent by our enemies!!?"

GreenDew wanted to cry but no tears would come. There was just no way to communicate with this guy. He couldn't even remember that she was a party member. She recalled back when Lin Le had been surrounded by the girls and praised until he was bursting with joy, but she didn't know if it would work. This guy was even moodier than the team leader, as if he were a little kid. If she could buy a little more time, it would be worth it. She sighed, then smiled sweetly. "I'm really your teammate, not a spy! Really New Village's Brother Le, I've always admired your mighty figure, and your domineering appearance..."

"Mm, I've confirmed it. You're really our teammate. In the future, you should show your face to Brother Le more often. Well, let's go. Brother Le will take you to find Brother Lil'White and the others..." Lin Le was elated and rested his blade on his shoulder. 

GreenDew made a bitter face. It really worked. "Why do you remember Sister Rose and the others, but not me?"

Lin Le, who was walking in front, suddenly turned back, alert. He once again readied his blade and entered a battle stance. "Who are you! Tell me! What have you done with the teammate who was right behind me..."

GreenDew felt completely defeated. She sat on the ground, dissapointed. "You... Just kill me..."

"QueenJew<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>, Brother Le was just messing with you..." Lin Le smiled mischievously.

"..." GreenDew's heart felt so tight that she wanted to spit out blood. This internal injury was quite deep. She looked up sadly into the hazy sky and roared in her heart. *QueenJew!?*

...

Meanwhile, NalanMoon was moving stealthily through the shrubbery, keeping her body low, when suddenly she heard a disturbance. "Who!?"

"It's me..." FrozenBlood slowly walked out.

"Do you hate me?" NalanMoon pretended to be careless and watched as she came to her side, 

"How could I? We're..." FrozenBlood didn't even finish speaking before NalanMoon stabbed at her heart. Her dagger became a shadow and stabbed multiple times.

"You..." FrozenBlood looked at NalanMoon, not knowing what happened.

"Hmph~ no good words would ever come out of her mouth..." NalanMoon pulled out her dagger and let FrozenBlood's body fall. She received the buff as FrozenBlood dissipated into black smoke.

"Eh, so that's how you think of me..." FrozenBloods's voice arrived from behind her.

"Aren't you the same." NalanMoon turned around and smiled.

Little Ye Tian also walked out from the little path between the two and said indifferently: "Heigh: Identical, not even off by a millimeter. Figure: Appears the same. Voice Frequency: Identical. Movement and Behaviour: No deviation. 96.15213521% chance of being the real body. Don't worry, I've already confirmed it, there no need to flee."

Little Ye Tian's words made the two women freeze. This girl was just like a human scanner. Just from those words, they were sure she was real. They felt like they would be safe if they stuck with her.

...

Zhang ZhengXiong only had to walk for a bit before seeing Ye Cang's silhouette in the distance. "Bro! Here!"

"A'Xiong... Have you seen the others?" Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

"For now, not yet. Let's just look around. Oh right, when's my sister's birthday?"

"October 6th."

Zhang ZhengXiong nodded, it was correct. "What about the day of her passing?"

"August 5th."

Also correct. Zhang ZhengXiong thought for a bit and decided to try asking a question that only his bro would know the answer to. Not even he himself knew. "When my sister died, what were you doing with her body?"

"I couldn't accept it, so I brought her somewhere to hold a memorial..." Ye Cang said, showing an aggrieved expression.

"Sorry bro, I actually doubted whether you were real or not..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, slowly walking over. He suddenly exerted strength and smashed into him with a Barbaric Tackle. Then he drew his saber and performed a Double Strike, cutting him into pieces. The whole time, his expression had become extremely cold. "You can pretend to be anyone, but not my bro. Also... though I don't know where he went at that time, it was definitely not to hold a memorial..."

"A'Xiong, do you really want to know?" Ye Cang's indifferent voice arrived from the other side. Zhang ZhengXiong slowly turned and nodded, then shook his head. "It doesn't matter..."

"I know you believe in me. It's not a big deal for me to tell you. At that time, I wasn't in the right frame of mind and was too ignorant. I was cheated by someone and ended up disturbing her spirit. She barely managed to enter the cycle of rebirth, but succeeded in the end. As for the details, I'll tell you another time..." Ye Cang patted Zhang ZhengXiong's shoulder. In truth, he didn't want to talk about those times as he didn't want to recall it. At least, not now.

"I got it bro, you should stop thinking about those things. Actually, I don't really care about it. Even if I knew, It wouldn't change anything. We just have to look towards the future. Like you said, just survive and live well. That's also sister's wish, right?" Zhang ZhengXiong didn't really want to know that badly, because he knew Ye Cang was still blaming himself. Perhaps he had used his sister's body to do some bad things, but thinking of his expression as he held her cold corpse, that look of hopeless look as if he was falling into hell, he could obviously never harm her. There was no one who understood and trusted Ye Cang more than Zhang ZhengXiong.

Ye Cang's heart felt warm. He remembered QinXue's will, and exposed a relieved smile. "Let's go, I discovered a way to differentiate between real or fake teammates..."

"How?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked curiously.

"As long as it's ThornyRose, it's definitely fake. If you see her, immediately take her out. Just on the way here, I already killed 3 fake ThornyRoses. Ah, it was so invigorating..." Ye Cang's words made Zhang ZhengXiong freeze. He was clearly just taking revenge. "What if you kill the real one?"

"Eh... Really, your words... Mm... I hadn't really considered..." Ye Cang frozen, then stroked his chin as he thought about it. Zhang ZhengXiong sighed. Not even a second later, Ye Cang smiled indifferently. "Well if we kill the wrong one then whatever, it's not a big deal. A'Xiong, don't worry, I'll just apologize to her after..."

Zhang ZhengXiong sighed again. *Hah~ Sister Rose, I tried my best...*

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: He mispronounces her name here. If you can think of something funny that sounds like GreenDew, we can use that too.