---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 139"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 139: Kunsa's Support

"Bro, ThornyRose. This f\*\*ker has magic?" Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the dancing roots and vines as well as the thousands of flower monsters.

Everyone looked towards ThornyRose waiting for directions, after all, she was the commander.

"Let's see what happens first. Kunsa should appear soon. There's nothing we can do in this situation... besides buying time." ThornyRose said. She then had Lin Le go all out, not caring about using up molotovs. They exerted all their strengths, trying to stay alive.

Everyone nodded. It was about time for the NPC helper to appear, otherwise they were screwed.

...

The ground began to shake. Alice frowned as she looked at the slowly approaching tree that towered into the sky and called out: "Kunsa! How did you recover so quickly..."

"Alice! This jungle has been corrupted by you for long enough! It's time to let it regain its original vigor!!" Kunsa wise voice arrived. The party who had been fighting bitterly for their life finally sighed in relief. *Grandpa tree, you're too slow!*

Lin Le had almost exhausted all his molotovs. 300 bottles seemed like a lot, but in the earlier fight, the moment a fire set, the corruption would come and put it out. The flower monsters also stepped over their comrade and continued advancing. The party pretty much didn't dare stop throwing them.

The newly born flower monsters were wrapped up by fresh green vines. The black creepers were also suppressed by the green ones. The black corruption energy coming off Alice was also countered by the green nature energy emitted by Kunsa. She became hysterical and shouted madly: "Kunsa! Why are you helping the humans! It was humans who killed my husband!! I will have the entire Really New Village become a sacrifice for him!"

"Alice, you're wrong! You've been confused by that evil wizard. He's polluted your pure heart. It was him that killed your husband. He used Kunqi to bewitch you. From the very beginning, the one who killed your husband is the wizard! Why do you not understand!?" Kunsa sighed.

"You're wrong! It's those humans! That wizard gave me the power to take revenge! You're trying to trick me! I won't be fooled! Really New Village must perish!!" Alice's madness became increasingly hysterical.

"Children, her soul has already been corrupted to the point of no return. She's trapped in her madness. I've already suppressed the power of corruption here. Please put her to rest." Kunsa knew there was no way to save her. Alice had already become one of that evil wizard's tools.

Kunsa's roots extended through the entire sea of flowers, and he used all his strength to suppress this piece of filthy, wilted earth. He could spare no more time to talk.

ThornyRose saw the green vines push away the black ones, creating a path to Alice for them. "Go! Hurry while the big tree can still suppress them!"

Zhang ZhengXiong, FrozenCloud, and ThornyRose all charged in the front. Lele, FrozenBlood, NalanMoon, and SpyingBlade followed closely behind them. Finally, at the back were Ye Cang, Ye Tian and GreenDew, those three ranged classes. The party quickly passed through the path, and arrived in front of Alice. 

"My strength! My strength is fading! Damn Kunsa! Repulsive Humans! You all should die!!" Alice had become so crazy, she appeared deranged. Countless black, wilted, roots shot out. Little Ye Tian activated her staff's shielding ability and provided everyone a holy shield.

"Take her out! Don't give her any chances! Shaking Bear, use your holy text depending on the situation! Damn lowlife, prepare your Flame Burst! GreenDew also prepare fire spells. Lin Le, throw molotovs when you see a chance! They have to hit!" ThornyRose charged, ducking past some vines, then performed a powerful strike! Her longsword was extremely fierce, ruthlessly stabbing through Alice's abdomen causing black liquid to slowly flow out. Then she performed a shield slam, giving herself some distance.

Zhang ZhengXiong struck with a barbaric tackle, causing the roots holding Alice in place to stretch taut. She had narrowly avoided being sent flying, but still became stunned. ThornyRose knew that this would be the last time this boss became weakened. This would be the final spurt! FrozenCloud took this opportunity to activate her Qi. Wolverine Strike! Triple Strike! Shoryuken! With the bonus from her Qi, the damage was exceptionally astonishing, surprising ThornyRose. *Those moves earlier. That girl has become quite good.*

FrozenBlood, NalanMoon, and SpyingBlade, all took advantage of the stun. Each swing of their swords, blades and daggers sent black blood splashing about. They all became black shadows as they seemed to be dancing around the boss.

ThornyRose raised her shield, blocked a corrosive root, and began taking the additional damage over time. Her red gauntlets suddenly ignited, as she slashed her sword at Alice's shoulder, then immediately retreated again because Lin Le's molotovs were coming! Two Powerful Fuel Flasks and one Refined Molotov flew over, covering the boss in raging flames. Her shrill scream pierced their ears. Ye Cang and GreenDew sent two balls of fire flying over, which exploded on Alice's body.

Lin Le heaved his anti-cavalry blade and charged. ThornyRose quickly held out her hand to stop him. "She probably has a final move. Wait a bit!"

Lin Le thought it over and retreated a few steps. He watched Alice's deranged and pained expression from a distance.

"Aaah!!" Her screams only became more ear piercing. Black energy exploded out of her like a wave. ThornyRose carefully raised her shield to block it. Zhang ZhengXiong also used his body to block for as many people as possible. Little Ye Tian quickly cast a holy shield on him and then activated her shield's ability, letting everyone heal a bit.

Everyone felt a corrosive power wash through them. It went straight through their shields as well as their bodies, and continued on behind them. ThornyRose looked at her lost health. She had instantly lost over ⅔... Wait! She looked behind her. GreenDew, Little Ye Tian, FrozenBlood, and NalanMoon had directly become dried up corpses. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly opened his holy text, healing everyone who was still alive for over 20 health. At the same time as the black wave had hit, Ye Cang had cast a healing stream on Lin Le. Seeing that he survived, he exclaimed: "God damn... good thing i have enough health..."

ThornyRose was surprised. Judging from the damage earlier, the only ones who should have survived were herself, Shaking Bear, FrozenCloud and that high strength Lin Le. They were all built with high health because of their Strength and Constitution. Who knew SpyingBlade and the lowlife would also survive. Everyone looked at Alice who had put out the flames with the earlier wave of corrosion. Her pretty appearance was long gone. Her whole body was covered in grievous burns, and she looked to be breathing her last breath. Her figure tottered on the verge of collapse. The black flower that she had come out of had already been burnt to ashes, and the stink from her burning flesh filled the air. It reminded ThornyRose and the others of Ye Cang's 'cooking'. "Go! Finish her off!"

Zhang ZhengXiong snapped out of his daze, and raised his shield. A multicolored beam shot out, stunning Alice. The remaining 6 people rushed over, performing their final burst. Under Ye Cang's Flame Blade and Straight Thrust combo as well as Lin Le's Execute, and SpyingBlade's backstab, the system message finally arrived.
