---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 140"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 140: Flower Fairy's Death**

"Congratulations, you've slain the flower fairy - Alice. Received 1800 experience."

Alice slowly fell to the ground. The corruption could no longer resist the power of nature, and dissipated as if blown away by the wind. A green colored wind that is.

Around the collapsed Alice, beautiful grass and flowers sprung from the ground. She looked up weakly at the clear sky, where a few strands of sunlight pierced through the haze. "Calan, where are you..."

"I'll bring you to see him..." Ye Cang looked at her desperate face, and sighed. He walked over, and slowly carried the confused Alice. ThornyRose furrowed her brows. *This guy couldn't be trying to curse another boss...* As she was about to tackle him, Zhang ZhengXiong reached out to stop her. "Bro only wants to let her reunited with that skeleton..."

Kunsa looked at Alice who was in Ye Cang's arms, and let out a heartbroken sigh. It didn't say a word as it watched the few of them depart. 

Everyone followed as Ye Cang arrived at the skeleton covered in brambles. Alice saw the skeleton and smiled gently. "I'll be troubling you, half elf. I can't believe I did something so crazy. Brave warriors, that evil wizard is not only controlling me. There's also the wolf god and most terrifying of all, he controlled Mayor Mar's father in the graveyard. Please be careful."

Alice finished speaking, and had Ye Cang put her down. Ye Cang slowly lowered her into the skeleton's embrace. 

She reached out a withering hand, lightly stroked his skull, and showed him an extremely tender smile. "Calan, sorry I'm late. Now, we can be together forever..."

Alice's black body went limp and crumbled into ashes. A single seed fell and landed in Guzdak's skull. It rapidly took root and germinated, becoming a plant wrapped around the skeleton. A flower with 6 white petals bloomed. Ye Cang felt like he could see the skeleton smile gently as it was embraced by the flower... A tear rolled down his cheek. "In life, we share a bed. In death we share a grave... is it?"

ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang with an odd expression. *This guy actually had times when he would shed tears!? I must be seeing things!* She rubbed her eyes, and opened them again wanting to confirm, but all she saw was Zhang ZhengXiong using his large body to block everyone's view. Lin Le rested his large blade on his shoulder and held Little Ye Tian as he helped block beside Zhang ZhengXiong. In order to fit in, FrozenCloud crossed her arms and blocked on Zhang ZhengXiong's other side. The four of them became a wall, firmly blocking Ye Cang behind them.

SpyingBlade had his arms cross and was feeling somewhat sad. He was also recalling something. He shook his head and muttered to himself. "It was for your own good... After all, I'm..." He clenched his two fists, and his eyes were full of unwillingness. Then he relaxed, and smiled. 

ThornyRose turned to look at SpyingBlade. *Just what is going on in that guy's head?* She felt like she was in some move. Ever since entering this game, the people she's met have all been weird. She can't even remember the last time she's met someone normal. *Hah~ This weekend, I'll go shopping with some sisters and relax a bit.* She then began to think of Alice's words. According to her, CloudDragon's graveyard quest should also be part of the main questline. The wolf god, flower fairy, mayor mar's father... wait, the three of these form a line! No wonder...

"A'Xiong, carry the skeleton. Lele, loot the ashes." Ye Cang acted abnormally, as he used his cursed hand to wipe his tears. Although she couldn't see him, but ThornyRose was stunned by his words. *This guy is being so logical?* She could help but feel like something was off causing her whole body to have goosebumps. Zhang ZhengXiong knew what Ye Cang was thinking. He directly picked up the skeleton and flower together, as if he was just picking fresh flowers.

ThornyRose walked over, and stared at Ye Cang's face. *What's wrong with this guy?* "You ok?"

Ye Cang showed her that familiar indifferent smile, and raised his hand. "Give me five!!"

ThornyRose didn't know why, but she couldn't stop smiling. She reached out to clap his hand.

At this time, something weird happened. Lin Le also wanted to comfort him. He poked Ye Cang hinting that he wanted a high five too. "I want a..."

Being distracted by Lin Le, Ye Cang's hand slowed down a bit. Due to this, his hand and ThornyRose's hand were now traveling on slightly different trajectories.

Ye Cang's hand slapped down onto her lofty right breast. ThornyRose's hand at the same time slapped onto his face exceptionally loudly.
叶苍的手啪的一下落在了其高耸的右胸，刺玫的手如同一记耳光扇在其左脸异常响亮。

"...high five... too...." Lin Le saw the unexpected occurrence and his words died off.

"Damn lowlife. Scum. To think I wanted to comfort you..." ThornyRose became red. Her expression became more and more ill. Ye Cang quickly shook his head and explained. "It's not my fault!" He turned and roared. "Damn Lele! You!"

Lin Le was frightened. He quickly ran behind Zhang ZhengXiong before peaking his head out and saying: "I didn't do it on purpose..."

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le both looked, and saw ThornyRose open her mouth. They quickly turned their head away, not daring to watch. *Bro / Brother Lil'White, Be careful...*

"My face!!" Ye Cang's scream once more echoed through the jungle. Kunsa, who was still on guard, called over from far away. "Half-elf, did you die!?"

...

The ones who had died and returned to Really New Village had finally returned. They saw Zhang ZhengXiong carrying a very unique flower. Then they saw Ye Cang and those familiar teeth marks on his face, and they felt a bad premonition. Had he ruined another boss? They said indignantly: "Don't tell me that guy... again!!"

"Not this time..." ThornyRose said. NalanMoon and GreenDew sighed in relief. *That's good.* FrozenBlood however sighed for a different reason. *Looks like I missed out on a good scene.* She turned her head and said unhappily: "Tch~ missed it..."

The veins on ThornyRose's forehead throbbed. *This stinking woman, just how much does she want me to suffer.* Zhang ZhengXiong carried his fresh flower over and pulled FrozenBlood to the side. "Sister Icey. I recorded the scene just now. You understand..."

"Not bad, I'll introduce you. In the future, when I'm not around, it will be up to you to record these scenes..." FrozenBlood became extremely happy. *As expected of a battle playboy. In order to meet girls, he'd even do these savage things.*

"What dropped?" NalanMoon was worried about this.

ThornyRose had somewhat calmed down, mostly because the equipment was so good. 4 piece of Distinguished equipment and more. They got a huge, pitch-black, sword that bubbled with evil, a ring, a black dagger that was emitting a dark smoke, a green cape woven with plant fibers, and a Forced Escape skillbook (Can forcibly remove negate one control effect). 

The three assassin as well as FrozenCloud and ThornyRose were moved by the ring and the Forced Escape skillbook. Being able to remove remove one control effect during PVP was extremely important. Everyone here was an expert, and being able to negate a crowd control effect could reverse the flow of a battle. Otherwise, they would be comboed to death. It doesn't matter how awesome you are, but you could never have enough skills that remove control effects. Ye Cang already had a similar class skill, but still wanted this skillbook in order to give it to Lele. It would give Lele a much needed method to defend himself. A'Xiong had tough skin and thick meat so he didn't need it. As for Lil'Dino, although her contribution to the team wasn't low, but the one who needed it most was Lele.
