---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 141"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 141: Zero Luck

"Let's roll for the skillbook." Ye Cang stood out and said. The others were about to object.

"Some fair words finally came out of your mouth..." NalanMoon was astonished that this shameless money-bag actually wanted to roll. This guy that would scam her the moment he found something to sell.

ThornyRose and the others were even more astonished. *You call that fair!? F\*\*k! Did you head get hit by a truck going at 500km/h?* However, thinking about it, that woman didn't know that there was a human shaped alien waiting for his chance to strike,

ThornyRose and the others all looked towards Lin Le who was smiling naively as he held his dice and stretched. However, to them, that innocent looking smile was the smile of the dice god. They felt like they could once again hear that cruel laughter...

"Cough~ Cough~, let's bid for the skillbook. As for the others, we'll decide depending on the circumstances..." ThornyRose glanced at NalanMoon.

"I agree..." SpyingBlade crossed his arms and nodded in agreement.

"Alright..." NalanMoon was a bit suspicious, but both ThornyRose and SpyingBlade had chosen to bid. Those two together had quite the influence, so she couldn't really argue. It's not like she was the party leader. She looked towards Ye Cang.

"Hah~ alright." Ye Cang looked at Thornyrose, SpyingBlade and the other's expressions. Lin Le pouted and put away his dice.

"Starting at 10 gold. Can pay half in federal dollars." ThornyRose took out the skillbook to start.

Little Ye Tian calculated the market price, and directly jumped to the highest acceptable price. "50 gold."

"60 gold, half federal dollars." NalanMoon really wanted this skillbook. It wasn't for herself, but to give to PureSoul. It would be very useful to him.

"80 gold, half federal dollars." ThornyRose also continued to increase the price. Little Ye Tian backed out. It's not that they couldn't afford it, but any more would not be worth it.

In the end, the skillbook was sold to NalanMoon for 100 gold, half federal dollars. She painfully handed payed out 50 gold coins to the group. She kept 5 gold, 25 gold went to Ye Cang, 15 gold to ThornyRose, and 5 gold to SpyingBlade. Looking at Little Ye Tian counting her money, frankly, no one knew how much gold they had. Perhaps some businesses had accumulated more, but they were definitely the richest in Really New Village. This was absolute. She pulled Ye Cang to the side.

"What?" Ye Cang asked doubtfully.

"Do me a favor and sell me some gold. I'm willing to pay 4 times the market price." NalanMoon clenched her teeth and said. She was pretty much out of gold. She needed to get more otherwise there would be many things she couldn't do.

"I can only sell you 50 gold." Ye Cang said after thinking it over.

"Deal!" NalanMoon directly sent over the money. Little Ye Tian counted out 50 gold and gave it to her.

ThornyRose looked at them performing some sort of shady deal, and was tempted to join in, but she knew that guy wouldn't sell to her. She knew because she could see Little Ye Tian looking over with 'Not Selling' written all over her face. She could only sigh and clap her hands to get everyone's attention. "Let's continue distributing the equipment. This heavy sword, since only Lele uses heavy weapons, and this instance would have been impossible without him, it will go directly to him. Any objections?..."

NalanMoon and SpyingBlade had nothing to say, so the sword went directly to Lin Le.

Alice's Claw (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Heavy Sword

Requirements: 50 Strength

Damage: 20 - 24

Additional Corrosive Damage: 4 - 7

+12 Strength

-3 Constitution

Wilted Ground: Stab the sword into the ground and corrupt it, dealing 3 damage per second to living enemies within a large area. Friendly targets heal 1 damage per second. Duration: 20 seconds. Cooldown: 20 minutes.

"Lele, let's see how large the area is..." ThornyRose said as she watched Lele replace his anti-cavalry blade with the evil looking heavy sword. His small height paired with the massive weapon, every time she saw it, she would feel unwell.

Lin Le nodded. He reversed his grip and stabbed the sword into the ground. The dark energy on the sword momentarily extended through the earth, covering the ground 30+ meters around them with an evil glow.. 

NalanMoon raised her brow. This skill was vicious. It's range was so large, it was almost impossible to dodge. It could both heal the user and his allies and damage the enemies. In a crowd, if they didn't hurry and run, any mage, hunter, or priest were almost guaranteed to die.

The dagger was next. There was only NalanMoon, SpyingBlade and Ye Cang to fight over it. They decided to roll for it. FrozenBlood already had a Distinguished quality dagger, so she passed. As for Ye Cang, he just wanted to sell it. ThornyRose agreed to let him try rolling. NalanMoon looked at her uncaring expression, then saw Ye Cang roll a 0. She was stunned. Wasn't the lowest roll a 1!? This guy could not only curse a boss, he could even roll a 0 on a 1-100 dice!? No wonder ThornyRose vetoed rolling for equipment, it must be her consideration for him.

ThornyRose and the others were also stunned. They couldn't help sighing with sorrow. That guy was becoming even more unlucky. In the past, he would at least roll a 1... Now it actually became a 0.

"System... Hah~ too biased..." Ye Cang turned and said sadly.

"It's you that's too unlucky! Don't blame the system!" ThornyRose, NalanMoon, and everyone else roared at him.

In the end, the black dagger went to SpyingBlade. NalanMoon sighed. That dagger had a really good life-steal ability. The ability dealt a large amount of damage and would heal a percentage of that to the user. Healing 15 or 16 health would be no problem. She began fiddling with her hands, lamenting her loss.

As for the cape, it was spellcaster equipment. Ye Cang bid 20 gold for it, and gave it to Little Ye Tian.

Alice's Favorite Cape (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Cape

Requirements: 30 Wisdom, 25 Intelligence

+3 Defence

+6 Wisdom

+4 Intelligence

+7 Spell Power

Every 10 seconds, recover 1 mana.

ThornyRose was reluctant to give it up. The most important part of this cape, besides it's high spell power, was the mana regeneration. Right now, there wasn't any way to restore mana, besides that damn lowlife's biochemical experiment. After putting on the green cape, Little Ye Tian looked exceptionally cute. With her Superior and Distinguished equipment, she had become an outstanding support spellcaster. All she was missing now was more talents and skills, afterall, she joined the game late.

Finally, the grand finale, the ring. It was an exceptionally simple ring, but all the physical attackers were greedy for it.

Alice's Wrath (Distinguished - Rare)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

-3 Strength

+7 Constitution

+6 Dexterity

+5 Damage

2 - 5 Additional Corrosive Damage

Alice's Madness: Upon activation, lose 2 health every second, but gain 10 attack, 15% attack speed, and 15% movement speed. Duration: 15 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Besides GreenDew and Little Ye Tian, everyone else wanted it. As a tank with high health, the health cost wasn't much. As for the assassins, they could activate the ability and increase their burst damage. Most importantly, this was a ring. There was no equipment requirements and everyone could wear at least 5.
