---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 142"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 142: Fine Iron-Fir Heavy Crossbow**

"Let's roll for the ring." Ye Cang stroked his chin, and suggested for the sake of fairness.

Lin Le pulled out his dice, excited.

NalanMoon looked at him strangely. *Someone who rolled a 0 still wants to roll!?* She sighed, but decided not to take advantage of him. Afterall, he had just sold her so much gold. "Let's just bid."

ThornyRose and SpyingBlade agreed. Lin Le put away his dice disappointed, and unhappily kicked at the leaves on the ground.

In the end, Ye Cang won it for 30 gold and gave it to their super damage dealer - Lin Le. Everyone agreed that Lin Le's sword's super large AOE synergized well with this ring, so they didn't fight over it with him. Every second, he could restore 1 health, offsetting the ring's penalty by half. In the wilted area, with his increased attack, the enemies would drop like flies. After distributing the money, they really only had to pay 15 gold.

Ye Cang didn't forget to collect the flower fairy's ashes, and found a black crystal. It was similar to the crystal that also dropped from Kunqi.

Corruption Crystal: Crystallized form of corruption energy.

After they were done, they returned to Kunsa.

"Brave warriors, this jungle is already beginning to restore itself. It will slowly return to it's original state, lush and full of vitality. Thank you all for your assistance.""

"Congratulations. You've completed the hidden quest 'The Jungle's Secret'. Receive 1000 experience, a rare common talent or skill, and 1 skill point."

"Congratulations. You've received the rare talent - Eagle Eye (Rare - Beginner Level): +10 Wisdom, +100m vision, and double your night vision"

This talent was especially good for Ye Cang. Not to mention the increased vision, more important was that night vision was doubled. Ye Cang, who already had extraordinary night vision, would practically be able to see as well as a normal player would in the day.

Zhang ZhengXiong almost vomited when he saw the skill he received. *F\*\*k, it's another aura.* Aura of Concentration (Every 20 seconds, restore 1 mana. Increase mana regeneration by 25%. Gain +3 Wisdom, +3 Intelligence, +4 Spell Focus.)

Lin Le looked at his own new skill and muttered: "Negotiation Breakdown... What's that?"

Negotiation Breakdown (Rare - Beginner Level - Passive): +10 Strength. Against NPCs you fail to persuade with words, you may use violence to persuade them instead. If successful ???.

FrozenCloud looked at her own reward happily. It was a skill, and not just any skill but a stance.

Offence / Defence Stance (Rare - Beginner Level): Can freely switch between stances. Offence gives +10% damage, +10% attack speed. Defence gives +10% defence, reduces incoming damage by 10%.

With this skill, she could now be even more versatile. When she wasn't the main tank, she could enter Offence stance to deal more damage. When she had to deal with bosses, she could enter Defence stance and obtain more survivability.

Finally was Little Ye Tian. Ye Cang looked over hers. Rare Talent - Owl's Wisdom (Rare - Beginner Level): +10% Intelligence and Wisdom. +8 Spell Focus.

ThornyRose and the others also looked happy, especially because of the skillpoint. Due to Little Ye Tian's advice, Ye Cang's group all saved their skill point. Later on, they might learn even stronger skills, and they would wish they had skill points then.

Ye Cang and the others left the forest, after receiving Kunsa's gratitude. When they left, Kunsa began to wake and purify the other treants. He didn't forget to tell them before they left that the treants would help against the black werewolves.

Before returning to town, Ye Cang brought everyone to the cabin that Mayor Mar had told him about. It was very simple, without any decorations. All they found were some documents and journals which told of the love between him and Alice. That taboo love that humanity couldn't comprehend.

Ye Cang held the necklace that Madam Mar had gifted Kuzdak and looked out the shattered windows, feeling somewhat depressed. ThornyRose, NalanMoon, and the others all remained silent. Especially NalanMoon who was covered in goosebumps. *Since when was this pretty-boy so innocent and emotional!?*

...

Really New Village, in the town hall.

Mar and his madam looked at the skeleton with a flower crown. Ye Cang handed the necklace to the madam.

Madam Mar was extremely depressed. She held the necklace tightly as tears dripped down her cheeks. "Brother..."

Madam Mar, who was suffering emotionally, wasn't in the mood to stay around. "Hubby, give the kids a little extra reward. I'm going home to rest."

Mar nodded. He obviously knew of the sibling relationship between Guzdak and Ali. Afterall, that guy was his best friend. Madam Mar left the room.

"Mister Mayor..." Ye Cang kneeled. "Elder Kunsa has decided to assist us when we attack the black werewolves. Also... there's the information that Alice gave us in her last moments. At the cemetry, your father's spirit has been controlled by the evil wizard."

"As expected. I had a feeling... I just didn't want to disturb father's peace. He was Really New Village's hero. He had protected the village and slain the wizard. Who would have thought that the wizard still hadn't been exterminated. White hair, thanks. There's already a kid helping me at the graveyard, but I feel like they're probably having some trouble. Why don't you bring some people to help." Mar wasn't very shocked. He had already sensed it, so he had some people investigate. ThornyRose smiled, that kid should be CloudDragon.

"I understand..." Ye Cang saw Mar's sad face and didn't say too much. As for disturbing the spirits of the dead, no one knew more than him how much it harmed the spirits. He had been tricked and had almost brought about irreparable damage. He earnestly nodded his head.

"Ok, here's your reward." Mar looked at Ye Cang's sympathetic appearance. *It was as if it had happened to himself. This half-elf child has definitly been through his share of hardships.* He patted Ye Cang's shoulder and smiled.

"Congratulations. You've completed the hidden instance quest - Taboo Love. Received a class exclusive Distinguished quality item, a class talent point, 1500 experience, 15 gold, and 3 gold bars."

Besides Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Lin Le, the other's hadn't received any gold bars. However, they were more than happy with the other rewards. One could never have enough talent points. It's value was much more than some ring or accessory.

Fine Iron-Fir Heavy Crossbow (Distinguished - Class Equipment)

Category: Heavy Crossbow (Special equipment exclusive to hunters and rangers. Considered a one-time per battle ranged burst weapon. Different from a hand-crossbow or light crossbow, it takes quite a bit of time to reload. It should be loaded before starting a fight. It's usually better to shoot your bow a few more time rather than reload it mid-fight. It's only worth it when you need the damage to break through tough defence. Attributes are applied only when equipped. Does not share a slot with the bow.)

Requirements: Hunter, Ranger

Damage: 30 - 40

+10 Strength

+2 Dexterity

+50m Range

Heavy Crossbow - Penetrate: A large increase to penetration.

Re-arm Time: 10 seconds.

Clip Size: 1.

PS: Requires special arrows made for heavy crossbows.
