---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 143"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 143: Graveyard**

The heavy crossbow was a massive meter and a half long. Ye Cang directly equipped it, and requested Mar for 5 arrows. He loaded one in the crossbow, and put the others away. Now he could enjoy the attribute bonus.

Zhang ZhengXiong had received a silver cross. It was like a necklace, hung on a chain. Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped it around his hand like prayer beads. It made others think: *Eh, so priests are buddhist monks?*

Silver Cross Bracelet (Distinguished - Class Equipment)

Category: Special Bracelet

Requirements: Holy Class

+7 Constitution

+5 Wisdom

+8 Spell Power for Holy Spells

Minor Exorcism (Passive): When attacking undead, deal an additional 15 holy damage.

Little Ye Tian, who was also a holy class, received a sacred text, like the one Zhang ZhengXiong had. Hers had a silver border, and was attached to an iron chain. 

The Crusader's Rites: Blessing of Light Vol.2 (Distinguished - Class Equipment)

Category: Holy Text

Requirements: 35 Wisdom, Holy Class

+5 Constitution

+6 Wisdom

Light from the Other Shore: Open it to deal 40 damage and stuns any evil creatures in range. Cooldown: 1 hour.

Record Holy Spell: Can store up to 3 holy spells below rank 3 or 2 holy spells below rank 4.

Both of their items happened to be effective against undead.

As for Lin Le, he directly got a new handcart. It was an exquisite handcart made of fine iron. It's capacity had increased by a lot, and it gave a big boost to handcart related skills. It couldn't even be compared to the previous crude wooden handcart. It even increased Strength and Constitution. They began moving all their stuff into the new cart.

Finally, FrozenCloud got a bracelet. Ye Cang sized it up. *That's some good stuff. If only I could use it.* It was an equipment for raising Strength.

Ye Cang looked at the extra equipment that ThornyRose got. A Javelin!? Seeing her happy appearance, he knew it was definitely something good.

"You all should go first. White hair, stay behind." Mar said as he looked at everyone.

"Wait for me at the general store." Ye Cang said indifferently.

ThornyRose knew he was getting new instructions. It was probably related to the graveyard. She brought everyone to leave after giving a salute.

"There are many big tombs in the cemetery. My father wasn't in his own tomb. That bastard must have hid him somewhere else. You seem to know that kid I sent over. I heard from the guards that you two had a fight." Mar said after sitting down.

"We were just comparing notes. We get along pretty well..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

"That's good. That kid is also an adventurer with potential. I'll leave this task to the two of you. No problem, right?" Mar chuckled.

"Of course, the two of us are like brothers..." Ye Cang patted his chest and reassured.

...

Somewhere, with his foot on a rotting corpse, Yun Long felt like something was wrong. VastSea saw him stop and asked: "What's wrong?"

"Nothing, I just have a bad premonition." CloudDragon shook his head.

"Then let's be a bit more careful. Boss' sixth sense is quite accurate." YellowSprings said with  sneer.

...

The scene returned to Ye Cang.

"Ok, I'll be giving you my full support. That bastard, once you find him, I'll show him that my father isn't the only one who can protect the village." Mar said, then slowly got up to head towards the courtyard.

Ye Cang watched Mar's rear view. It looks like he's going participate in the fight, after all, it's his father's spirit. It even involved all the tombs and graves of the Mar Family as well as the entire Really New Village. No wonder he would always turn a blind eye to it. Was it too hard for him to act against his father? He began to think of that night, his own hand had stabbed through QinXue's heart. Her relieved and bright smile once again appeared in his mind. He slowly made his way through the streets as he watched the stars, and smiled indifferently. "The dead are gone, just let them go..."

...

ThornyRose was at the grocery store, biting her nails. *That lowlife actually has followers. This grocery store is pretty much his.* She listened in on Little Ye Tian consulting with Rica on how to cheat people. Then she looked at the NPCs that were shopping in the store. Those materials they had stored up, the players wouldn't even touch them, but the NPCs only seemed to buy alot of them. They didn't even try to bargain. *F\*\*k, they're making a huge profit every day.* Suddenly, her ringtone snapped her out of her thoughts. Looking at the white hair, white eyebrows, and white eyelashes that appeared on the screen, she gnashed her teeth even harder.

"The weekend is in a few hours. Let's resupply then rest a bit early. Next time, we'll be meeting up with brother Cloud Dragon. We can conveniently have him give us some information..." Ye Cang said, leaning on the counter that Zhang ZhengXiong had helped make.

"He agreed!?" NalanMoon asked doubtfully. The fighting king wasn't someone easy to get along with. He didn't even show any respect to the flame emperor.

"Nope, I haven't told him yet. I figure we'll go surprise him... Me and him are quite close." Ye Cang's uncaring words made ThornyRose's chest tighten. She felt like she had heard those same words somewhere before. She thought back to their time with the fishmen. *Bullshit, there's no way he and you have a good relationship!! You only ever contact him to take his money. Do you think he's an idiot!!?*

"Really? You and fighting king are close?" NalanMoon looked doubtful, but it was true that the two had spoken quite a few times.

ThornyRose's group, including FrozenCloud, quickly shook their heads. *B\*\*\*h Moon, you're overthinking it.* 

...

CloudDragon's bad premonition was getting stronger. He shook his head, trying to get it out of his mind, and continued to smash bones and crush skulls.

...

Meanwhile, the helpless ThornyRose was consulting Little Ye Tian. They managed to reach an agreement regarding supplying the general store. 

ThornyRose looked at Little Ye Tian unhappily. *That little shark! Stingy little girl!*

The weekend came even closer. Everyone decided on a time to meet, and then scattered.

ThornyRose looked at CloudDragon's number in her com, and hesitated a bit before closing it. *Let's just see how that guy handles it. Since he wanted to be a guild leader, he needed to be able to deal with these situations.* What she didn't know was that Ye Cang's so called guild, was really just in name...

...

Wu Na was in a rush, pulling everyone out of bed. They ate the food that had already been prepared. She thought of the seaside and hot springs, and pushed everyone to hurry. "Hurry, hurry! Don't dilly-dally."

Everyone changed their clothes. They all wore identical swim trunks, t-shirt, and flipflops. The only difference was the size and color. Ye Cang wore black, making his white hair stand out even more. Lin Le looked like someone who was going to the countryside to catch butterflies. Little Ye Tian wore a refreshing long summer dress and a big straw hat. Wu Na looked at them. *Are you really leaving looking like that!?* She sighed. *Whatever* She thought, then made Zhang ZhengXiong carry all the luggage. "Let's go!!" 

They arrived at the floating train station. Lin Le ran all over the place, full of curiosity, almost getting lost a few times. Wu Na helplessly pulled him back, and had Little Ye Tian watch over him like a big sister watched over her little brother. "Look after him, don't let him get lost again!"

"Eeehh..." Little Ye Tian whined.

After going through security, they rode on the train for a short 10 minutes and arrived at the seaside.

Getting off the platform, the hot summer sun shined down on them as the sea breeze assaulted their senses. They looked at the endless blue sea, and felt extremely comfortable. They could help but stretch and yawn lazily.

---

TN: Woot, anyone else excited for a vacation with Wu Na!?