---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 144"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "brass"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 144: Seaside Vacation**

It was a bright and beautiful afternoon. The five of them, with varying heights, walked together on the sandy beach eating popsicles. They were making their way to the inn they had reserved. Ye Cang fished out a pair of old fashioned sunglasses from his bag. Wu Na noticed that he seemed to really cherish this pair of sunglasses, besides, although it was old fashioned, it was not ugly.

Wu Na then looked towards Lin Le who was digging a hole and was somewhat puzzled. "What's he digging a hole for? He can play however he wants after we check into the inn."

"I bet it's a number 1." Ye Cang said as he licked his popsicle. He reached in his pocket and took out 500 federal dollars.

"Then I'll bet on number 2." Zhang ZhengXiong ate his popsicle in big bites as he also took out 500 dollars.

"..." Wu Na was speechless. She thought to herself *there's no way* as she watched Lin Le happily dig his hole. She dropped her popsicle when she saw Lin Le begin loosening his waistband. She rushed over and pulled Lin Le away. "Lele! We're almost at the inn!"

"I need to pee..." Lin Le pouted.

"Hold it in!!" Wu Na facepalmed and said angrily.

"Eh..." Lin Le whined as he tied his waistband back up.

"Lele, is it a number 1 or number 2!?" Ye Cang asked.

"1..." Lin Le replied while pouting.

"Hand over the money..." Ye Cang smiled and grabbed the money from the gloomy Zhang ZhengXiong.

*Just how bored are you two rotten people? You even bet over that!* Wu Na felt helpless. She watched as Lin Le ran over to Ye Cang. "Brother Lil'White, share some with me~."

"Really, what do I do with you... here!" Ye Cang pulled out two bills from his pocket. Wu Na looked at Lin Le's naive and happy expression, and facepalmed. She pulled Little Ye Tian, who was still looking curiously at the sea while eating her popsicle, and began moving towards the inn.

They arrived at the inn and checked in. It was decided that Wu Na and Little Ye Tian would share one room, while the three guys would share the slightly larger room. Lin Le rushed into the washroom, while Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong put away the luggage. They saw Lin Le come out and make a phone call. "Mm, we're at a seaside hot spring inn. Eh, you have some business in Russia so you'll be back late? I got it. Nah, Brother Lil'White treats me really well. Today he even bet on whether I was pooping or peeing and shared 200 dollars with me..."

The phone suddenly became quiet. Song Xin facepalmed and said: "Cough~ Cough~ As long as you're happy..."

The two of them hung up.

"Bro, do you still remember the first time we met Lele?" Zhang ZhengXiong looked at Lin Le who was on the balcony taking deep breaths of sea air.

"Mm, on a bright and sunny day like today, he was in the school's garden taking a pee while wearing a righteous expression." Ye Cang raised his head and recalled.

Ye Cang thought back to that time. He was like a lost child, singing nursery rhymes. They ended up walking over together.

Zhang ZhengXiong had patted Lin Le's shoulder and asked: "Bro, what are you doing..."

"Peeing." Lin Le had replied indifferently, his ahoge swinging back and forth.

"Are you drunk?" Ye Cang had asked doubtfully.

"Nope..." Lin Le shrugged.

"Then what are you doing!!?" The two of them couldn't help shouting together.

"I'm peeing!" Lin Le pouted and shouted back. He then shivered and pulled up his zipper. He looked towards the flowers he had watered as if he had done a good deed. He then turned around, showed them a naive and innocent smile, and reached out his hand. "I'm Lin Le, you can call me Lele~"

Ye Cang recalled that at the time, the two of them looked at that guiltless smile and that polite appearance. They had unconsciously reached out and shook his hand. They only realized after, that the bastard had just used that same hand to hold his elephant! They went back to get revenge, and accidentally learned that Lin Le was being bullied. People were mocking him for being retarded. The two of them saw that every time he was bullied, he would still brush it off and continue smiling foolishly. He cried alone when out of sight, he ate alone in the dining hall, because of a single thank you from someone, he would giggle happily alone for a long time. They didn't know why, but they felt some admiration for him. He had recalled his grandma's last words. Helping Lele was also a form of redemption for himself. Slowly, Lele had become a necessary person in his life.

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'Xiong! Let's go to the beach!" Ye Cang snapped out of his thoughts to see Lin Le dragging his arm. He couldn't help showing a sad smiled. "Ok, ok..."

Zhang ZhengXiong saw his appearance as well as Lin Le's impatience, and couldn't help laughing as he followed them. "Lele, later, you should teach Little Tian how to play in the sand..."

"Don't worry, you can leave it to me..." Lin Le patted his chest and ran off to go find Little Ye Tian so that they could drag these two out together.

Ye Cang and the others arrived at the beach. Wu Na wore a black summer dress that matched Ye Cang black shirt, making them look like a couple. Under it was a sexy, black, two piece swimsuit. Nearby, Lin Le was teaching Little Ye Tian how to dig holes as well as the use of digging holes etc. Wu Na sighed. *Lele is teaching Little Ye Tian something weird again.* She then thought of Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong. *These two also don't teach anything normal.* She sighed again. Then, like a mother, she ran over and taught the two how to play.

Ye Cang sat down under a parasol, and drank a soda. He leaned back on the beach-chair and relaxed...

As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he was going around to watch the people playing sports, looking very happy...

Then later, the five of them went to a popular little restaurant to eat some seafood.

...

The scene changed to the Imperial Capital, ThornyRose was in her villa.

"Miss, there's a question I have always wanted to ask." Housekeeper Zhang said as he watched ThornyRose once again eat 3 servings. It has already been many weeks since she's been like this.

"Uncle Zhang, just ask." ThornyRose wiped her mouth, very satisfied.

"Recently, your appetite has been a bit too good..." Housekeeper Zhang's words reminded ThornyRose of the roasted fish, the rat stew, the various slime, wolf, and other disgusting smells and flavors. Her stomach began to churn and she quickly shouted. "Bucket! Bucket!"

Housekeeper Zhang quickly grabbed a small pot and handed it over. He watched her throw up and create a mess. She wiped her mouth and gnashed her teeth. "Damn lowlife..."

The quick-witted housekeeper Zhang quickly took his leave, and instructed some people to clean up the mess.

...

Mental Health Access Center.

FrozenCloud had made a reservation to see an professional. She hesitated in front of the door, her head filled with thoughts. Her expression continued to change as she struggled. Eventually she reached out to knocked on the door, but quickly pulled her hand back and sighed: "Hah~ is this my punishment for being indecisive? The psychiatrist has never been a spy so won't be able to understand, at most they could help me feel a bit better..."

...

FrozenBlood was at home, organizing her big collection of embarrassing ThornyRose moments. Her mother passed by her door and murmured: "Just what is this girl doing that's making her so happy. She's even humming. Could it be she has a boyfriend?"

---

TN: Anyone know what PS stands for in chinese?