---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 145"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 145: Stars by the Beach**

Night time on the beach, it was like there were stars everywhere you looked as the countless jellyfish came to the surface and shined their beautiful light becoming an inverted starry sky. This was a famous scene that you could only find during the summers at LinHai - The Sea of Stars.

Countless tourists stood around a bonfire barbequing their dinner, or enjoying the the marvelous scene of jellyfish being washed to the reefs and aweing the beautiful girls. To the men, this was a battlefield...

Not caring about any of that, Ye Cang and the other's were wrapped in a towel and enjoying the seaside hot spring that was 10 meters large. They all helped each other wash their backs. 

As for Wu Na and Little Ye Tian, they were next door in the woman's bath. Little Ye Tian's face was flushed as her expression showed how comfortable and satisfied she was. Wu Na couldn't help moaning in comfort. The two of them leaned against each other and napped on the natural rocks.

"Bro, I feel like we should come relax here a few times every summer. My whole body feels so comfortable..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, putting his towel on his head. His overwhelmingly well-built body made the other men who entered quickly retreat and choose another bath.

"Wait till we earn a bit more money, then let's buy a cottage here. It can be our summertime vacation home." Ye Cang said after thinking it over.

"Alright!" The corner of Zhang ZhengXiong's lips rose into a smile.

"Mm! Ok, ok!" Lin Le's head and butt popped out of the water as he rushed to agree. Then, with a splash, he submerged again, looking around everywhere.

After enjoying the hot springs, they changed into comfortable bath robes, and lazily stood at the reef and watched LinHai's Sea of Stars.

"It's so beautiful no matter how many times I see it..." Wu Na looked at the scene and murmured.

Ye Cang nodded. He recalled how he used to come here with QinXue and Zhang ZhengXiong.

"It's just a bunch of fluorescent jellyfish. There are luminous jellyfish, a type of jellyfish that emit a very bright light. This is because the eggs in their reproductive gland have an enzyme that produces light. Besides those, there are..." Little Ye Tian kneeled down and pointed into a big blue hole. Under the starlight, it looked like a black hole, deep and beautiful." In this hole are glowing cuttlefish. It can usually only be found in the deep sea. In the daytime, they'll dive down deeper, but at night, they'll float upwards to hunt for prey. The bottom of the hole actually has an environment like that of the seafloor, which allows the glowing cuttlefish to survive there. During the nights where they are active, it'll look different than the surroundings. Due to some unfortunate events happening to earth, swarms of red jellyfish have also been known to appear sometimes, forming a very special view. Most important of all though... If you get stung by a jellyfish, it really hurts." 

Little Ye Tian's words made Wu Na sigh helplessly. Sometimes, this girl would say these things that ruin her cute image. She pulled the girl over and held her in her arms. "Less nonsense, just enjoy the view."

"Oh..." Little Ye Tian shrugged.

"Brother Lil'White! Brother Lil'Xiong! Let's all go pee off that cliff!" Lin Le proposed.

Ye Cang crossed his arms to think. After not even a second, he nodded. "Good idea!"

Wu Na rolled her eyes. "Hey hey! You three guys!"

The three of them ignored Wu Na's warning, lined up on the cliff side and untied their robes. Wu Na speechlessly watched as they peed into the beautiful scenery. Little Ye Tian began going over, wanting to join them. Wu Na quickly asked her: "What are you going over for!?"

"Let's do it together, you're not coming...?" Little Ye Tian said indifferently, then began untying her robe too.

"That's something only dumb guys should do! Girl's can't do these sort of things. Got it!?" Wu Na quickly stopped her. In her heart, she was speechless. With such a high IQ, how can she be so lacking in common sense? She had to be properly educated and taught how to be a virtuous woman!

Everyone eventually returned to their rooms to sleep, but Ye Cang returned to the reef. He looked at the twinkling stars, and took out his heavenly fox mask from in his robe. With a smile, he disappeared.

...

Half-moon lake.

Zhao XiangYu had been especially excited these past few days. She had always been hardworking when it came to the sword. Now, every night, she would practice in the spot where she had met the mysterious swordmaster. She had so many things she wanted to ask about. According to his instructions, she had learned to reduce a little bit of the air resistance when cutting, but it seemed impossible to go any further not to mention creating a vacuum around her sword. Just when would her teacher come back...

"You have to use your Qi to achieve a sort of resonance that isolates your sword from the air around it so that it can avoid touching the resistance." When Zhao XiangYu was beginning to doubt whether her master had forgotten her, a familiar voice arrived from nearby making her heart throb with joy. *He's come!* She turned. "I understand..." 

"However, it's not easy. You need to practice it over and over again till you're tired of it, just like in that story I told you. My sword does not need anything else, just a simple thrust or cut. The two patterns are also simply to respond to different situations. You have a good foundation, so you'll be fine if you keep practicing." Ye Cang warned her and then sat on a large rock. He yawned and stared at the full moon. 

"Mm, I got it..." Zhao XiangYu looked at his black bathrobe, his flip-flops, and his heavenly fox mask. Even the way he dressed was free and unrestrained, as expected of an expert. At first, she was still a bit worried that she had met a dumbass swindler, but who knew he would actually be willing to teach her a one-of-a-kind, high class martial art. Then she saw Ye Cang reach under his mask, pick his nose, and flicked the booger into the half-moon lake... Eh...? 

Zhao XiangYu continued to repeat the boring thrust. Ye Cang saw that she wasn't showing even a trace of impatience. The girl was really suited to learning this skill, however her steps were too unsteady. He walked over, with his arms crossed under the robe.

Zhao XiangYu looked doubtfully at Ye Cang as he took her practice sword. "Use your Qi like this, and match your swing with your step. Every action is part of the thrust."

Zhao XiangYu was watching the man in front of her eyes, then he suddenly appeared a hundred meters away. 

Only after he stopped and turned around did the sound of the sonic boom arrive. It was that fierce of a charge. Her heart was overwhelmed with shock. What kind of martial arts could allow you to do this!? It was monstrously fast! Terrifyingly fast! It didn't feel like the same thing she was learning at all.

Ye Cang noticed Zhao XiangYu staring at him with shock. He faintly smiled and threw the sword back to her. "It's actually very simple, you just can't use it too often as it's too large a burden for your current body. At most you can handle using it twice. The third and your bones will start breaking from the strain."
