---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 146"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 146: Braveman and Seaside Cottage**

Ye Cang explained the theory behind the move and demonstrated it slowly to her. Zhao XiangYu attempted to replicate it. She kicked off with one leg beginning the initial charge. Her body was now leaning down and her other leg kicked out, releasing all its stored power, sending her shooting forwards. Then finally, the initial leg used a weird motion, resisted the inertia, and stamped off the ground again. Zhao XiangYu felt like her body was so light. The tree that was over 10 meters away was suddenly right in front of her. By the time she noticed, it was too late to attack. She curled up her body and smashed right into it. Again, she showed her sorry figure to her master as she fell on her butt. She could also feel a faint ache on the leg that had performed a second step. It was really a big burden on her legs. Her foundation must not be strong enough, and her control of her strength was lacking.

"The you right now should use the Qi method I gave you to train your body. Strengthen yourself as much as possible, otherwise, you won't be able to handle the speed. The burden on your body will only get bigger and bigger. Your main task for now will be to consolidate your foundation. The speed you can achieve with these skills is dependent on the natural speed of your body. Afterall, you don't have a speed related superpower. Naturally, if you can understand the 'laws', it's a completely different story. Dismissed, practice hard." Ye Cang said. Then with a yawn, he disappeared into the trees...

Zhao XiangYu understood the first part, but what was that about laws? She shook her head, it wasn't something that the her right now needed to understand. She looked excitedly at the lake, her foot still throbbing. *Mm! I'll properly train up my body!*

In the patch of trees, Ye Cang, who was going to return to the seaside, raised his brows. He had his heavenly fox mask resting on his head. The leaves on the ground were blown around by the wind and a woman wearing a windbreaker suddenly appeared.

"Ardent Wind, thanks for last time." Ye Cang indifferently smiled.

"I never thought you settled down in LinHai. I say, it's been over a year since you've last come to the meeting. The two new members have only ever heard your name..." Ardent Wind said as she tossed him a beer.

Ye Cang grinned and opened his beer without holding back. "I didn't think you would still remember my favorite brand."

"We've been on so many missions together. You would always drink this thing after every single one..." Ardent Wind rolled her eyes at him. That guy had even forced her to drink with him. She smiled and opened her own can. "Remember to come to the next meeting. Someone probably has some news about the leader of the Saviours by now."

"Alright." Ye Cang shrugged. The Saviours, one of the three greatest terrorist organizations in the world. The were famous for their biochemical weapons research, and would often perform terrible experiments. They were one of the main enemies of his own 10 Commandments.

"Silver Devil..." Arden Wind watched Ye Cang's back as he departed. Having gone on missions together, she was clear on how strong he was. His fighting strength was definitely within the top 3.

...

Back at the seaside inn.

Ye Cang threw the empty can into the trash and returned to his room.

The next morning after breakfast, they rented a boat and sailed out into the open sea for fun. Ye Cang dropped his fishing line and then sat back to relax under the sun.

Today, Ye Cang was lazily resting under the shade like Master Roshi. Suddenly, something pull on his line! However, he ended up empty handed as it got away. Nearby, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le were carrying harpoons and wearing only their underpants as they jumped into the sea. Every time they popped out of the water, they would bring a catch back with them. Wu Na and Little Ye Tian just stayed on the ship after applying sunscreen...

At lunchtime, Wu Na prepared some simple seafood such as a soup and sashimi. Zhang ZhengXiong was really glad to have her along. *She's such a good woman, too bad she's so dead set on being with bro.* "Bro, I feel like our seaside cottage needs a boat!!"

"Yesh! Yesh!" Lin Le said with a mouth full of food.

Ye Cang looked at the food he had ruined, then decisively threw it away and nodded. "Sure! Little Tian, record it..."

Wu Na thought of how the few of them had earned so much money in such a short time. When she learned that most of it would go towards some girl for her plastic surgery, heard them talk about FrozenCloud's tragic story, and even saw the picture, her eyes and nose began to drip. "There's actually such a strong girl. Lil'Dino is really too pitiful. She's a rolemodel for us all. Since she's your good brother, then she'll also be my sister!"

...

FrozenCloud who was reading in her apartment. She didn't know that Ye Cang and the others were going around spreading her 'life story'. All she felt was a chill down her back, which made her shiver. Looking at the fine weather out the window, she shook her head. *It must be an illusion.* The returned to reading her book.

...

"Even without the money we saved for Lil'Dino's remodelling, we already have enough for a small cottage and a boat. We'll even have quite a bit of money leftover which will be enough for our daily needs." Little Ye Tian explained as she ate some seafood dipped in a mix of wasabi and soy sauce. She had already analyzed LinHai's housing prices as well as the cost of a boat around this size.

"Then there's not time to waste! Let's go! We'll go buy one right now!" Ye Cang saw Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le's expectant expressions and slapped the table.

They were so intent on buying a seaside cottage that they didn't even think of switching to a bigger apartment or a small house. Rather, they were very happy with their current place, where everyone lived together. Each of them took care of each other, and the space was small but enough. If the place was too big, it would feel empty.

"Wait, I won't say anything about the cottage, but who out of you can sail a boat?" Wu Na words made them look at each other with dismay.

Little Ye Tian wiped her mouth with a napkin and slowly raised her hand. "I can..."

"Eh...?" Wu Na was speechless. She forgot that they had a little genius with them.

Finally, they chose a cottage towards the southeast that was within Little Ye Tian's budget. It was about 150 square meters, two stories plus basement and attic, and a pretty big courtyard. It came complete with wooden floors and a path from the gate to their front door. It was a very tasteful house. They even had a pretty good view of the big blue hole from the 2nd floor balcony. The price was also very fair. It was said that a government official had hidden his mistress here so it was being sold after getting confiscated.

They sat on the 2nd floor and saw the boat they had ordered being delivered over. Wu Na just watched all this and smiled stiffly. *These 4 wastrels...*

Upon receiving the ship, they named it The Braveman. Ye Cang became the captain, Little Ye Tian the helmsman, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le were just sailors. As for Wu Na, who was appointed as the one who would do odd jobs such as cooking, she could only sigh and roll her eyes at them... 

By now, it was already dinner time. Wu Na had made the gloomy porter Zhang ZhengXiong spend all afternoon arranging the furniture and beds as well as other miscellaneous articles in the house.

At the dinner table, Wu Na looked at everyone sitting around an antique table waiting to be allowed to eat. The site of them all sitting together warmed her heart. It felt like their short term stay would become much longer than expected. It was fine for the others, but she still had to take classes and also had her band. Luckily, it wasn't too long of a ride if she took the train.
