---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 148"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 148: Gathering at the Cemetery

ThornyRose had long since discovered that he had yet another aura. Thinking of his future potential, even if he could no longer tank, he would be a first class support with just the auras he has now. This, ontop of his potential to be a superstar tank, he was pretty much perfect. If only he wasn't such a playboy...

Ye Cang pulled over FrozenCloud and whispered in a concerned voice: "Lil'Dino, next time we get a long vacation, we'll go to Korean Beauty. I've already prepared all the money, so you should sort out your feelings, ok?"

FrozenCloud couldn't get any words out of her mouth. Moved? She was. Angry? She was too. Speechless? That also. However, the heartening expressions on Ye Cang's, Zhang ZhengXiong's, Lin Le's, and Little Ye Tian's faces were like knives cutting into her heart. *What should I do...* "Haha~... haha~..."

...

Really New Village Cemetery.

CloudDragon and his team looked at the 10 man party that was approaching them. That guy had pretty much gathered most of the influential players in Really New Village besides the Flame Dragon Union. ThornyRose was one of China's top 5 tanks. Although that ranking was in part due to her wealth, but her PVP skills were the real deal. Both FrozenBlood and NalanMoon were extremely outstanding assassins. SpyingBlade... no, DarkBlade was a superstar among the assassins. Although HeavenBlessed<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> was not a match for himself, he knew how strong HeavenBlessed was. To be able to go up against HeavenBlessed, there was no doubt that he was also strong. At one point in time, he had looked forwards to when DarkBlade would rise the ranks and challenge him, yet to have fallen so low... *Coward...*

SpyingBlade saw the contempt in CloudDragon's eyes, but he could only sigh in his heart. His right hand tightened around his dagger. *Fighting King...* He slowly relaxed his grip. *Even if I beat him and surpass him, what's the point? I've already given up everything. But why do I keep coming back? To kill time? Afterall, I'm someone without much time left... I can only feel free in the game...*

CloudDragon finally turned his gaze to Ye Cang's group. *That shield fighter is remarkable. He is even more imposing than ThornyRose.* He then looked at Lin Le and saw a new black sword on his back. *Distinguished? He'll probably be the most troublesome to deal with in a fight, besides PaleSnow that is.*

"Brother CloudDragon, how have you been..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently then greeted. His very first words stunned CloudDragon.

"When distributing equipment, we get priority. Any problems?" CloudDragon said, disregarding Ye Cang's greeting.

ThornyRose and NalanMoon both frowned. Seeing his proud expression, they had no choice but to agree. How many times has he destroyed them in a fight? They couldn't even take him on 3 on 1.

"Based on what? You guys are only 5 people, while we're 10. As for priority, you can ignore those others but it should obviously go to our group of 5." Little Ye Tian stood out and stared down CloudDragon.

CloudDragon was surprised. Little Ye Tian also felt his oppressive aura that was so thick she could almost see it. Ye Cang smiled and walked out. "We have two holy classes that are strong against undead. Is this reason enough?"

"The mission was started by us, so the profit should also be ours, yet you actually want priority..." BlackIce said coldly.

"Brother Lil'White! Isn't that girl our teammate? Why has she betrayed us? Too hateful, I'm going to hack her to death!!" Lin Le said, brandishing his black sword. He was about to stab it into the ground and activate its ability.

ThornyRose quickly stopped him and smiled bitterly. She looked over and saw GreenDew walking over. "I'm right here..."

Lin Le froze. He then pouted and looked at the speechless BlackIce. "My bad, I got the wrong person. It's your fault for looking so annoying though..."

*F\*\*k!!* BlackIce exploded in anger. An instant cast ice arrow shot out. CloudDragon frowned. *Not good, we attacked first.* Ye Cang smiled and turned into a silver flash. CloudDragon suddenly held out his hand, and grabbed the Mithril Rapier. BlackIce saw that the blade was only centimeters away from her throat.

Zhang ZhengXiong took a single step and easily blocked the ice arrow. As for Lin Le, he reversed his grip and stabbed down into the ground. The area tens of meters around them instantly became wilted. He then immediately pulled it out and activated Leap. "She dares bully me!? I'm going to kill her!"

YellowSprings also leapt high into the sky and blocked Lin Le midair. The two of them were both sent flying back, but YellowSprings was in a more sorry state. When he hit the ground, he was still sent rolling a few times. As for Lin Le, he only needed to lower his stance and take a couple steps back before steadying himself. He raised his sword again, ready for action.

ThornyRose and NalanMoon didn't get involved, they chose to just observe. More like there wasn't an opportunity to intervene, all of those guys were abnormal. Their strength at this stage in the game was terrifying. Even just Lin Le's attack power, perhaps only the top players such as FlameEmperor and LordAsked could match him. FightingKing, as a grappler, definitely couldn't compete in attack power with Lin Le, let alone YellowSprings.

CloudDragon saw that his health was falling every second, and saw how far the skill's range was. It seemed he had underestimated that kid, there's no point in continuing the fight. He looked at Ye Cang and said: "At the last boss, I'll take one item first. The rest of it will be split amongst the team using the usual methods."

Ye Cang pulled back on his rapier and retrieved it from CloudDragon's grasp. He sheathed it and smiled indifferently. "Deal..."

He then added CloudDragon and the others to his party. Their falling health began rising instead. CloudDragon put away his weapon and looked at Lin Le's black sword. He didn't seemed to mind that he had just suffered a loss. He raised his brows as he examined it. *That sword looked interesting...*

"What's wrong? Normally, you're not so reckless. Since you attacked first, we're in a disadvantageous position." VastSea walked over to the moody looking BlackIce and whispered.

"Sorry, I'll be more careful..." BlackIce also knew it she messed up, so she nodded. She then glared at Lin Le. *It's all that bastard's fault...*

Ye Cang smiled indifferently and pulled CloudDragon to the side. CloudDragon followed him doubtfully.

"Brother CloudDragon, I had no choice. Afterall, I'm Really New Village's second in command so I can't be losing face. I hope you don't mind. Our relationship is still alright, right...?" Ye Cang said. CloudDragon quickly shouted quietly: "We have no relationship!"

"Cough~ Cough~ anyways, are you interested in this anti-cavalry blade? I'll give it to you with a friends discount, just 30 gold. It's a masterwork quality with a high 20 damage. It even comes with a strong attack skill. We only accept gold though." Ye Cang secretly took out Lin Le's old weapon.

"All gold..." CloudDragon murmured as he looked at the weapon's stats. Certainly, 30 gold wasn't expensive for such a weapon, and it was much better than YellowSpring's current one. However, paying entirely in gold made him hesitant. Gold was currently too high in demand. He didn't care how much he had to pay if it was in real money, as long as it was still reasonable. However, gold... gold was too hard to get. "Half federal dollars at 5 times market price."

Ye Cang feigned difficulty. He muttered to himself for a few seconds, then as if he was giving away his most prized possession, he agreed. "Alright, just for you brother CloudDragon. We'll do it your way."

Little Ye Tian quickly calculated. After buying the cottage and boat, this would really help refill their funds. She looked at CloudDragon with a professional smile. "Thank you for your patronage..."

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: The number 1 assassin in china. I got his name wrong before, my bad.
