---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 149"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 149: Warcry

CloudDragon gave the anti-cavalry blade to YellowSprings. YellowSprings looked at it and thought: *Wasn't this the blade that the kid was using lastime?* However, he had to admit that it was better than his own. Especially that damage that exceeded 20. He was also able to guess at Lin Le's black sword's damage. It would have to be at least 23 points in order to make it worth exchanging, because this Blood-Moon Chop ability was simply too good.

"We've already found the place that the wizard is hiding at." CloudDragon said as he lead the way.

"How strong are the creatures inside?" ThornyRose asked.

CloudDragon smiled and entered the tomb. "They're pretty much all elites. The deeper in you go, the stronger they are. We've managed to get to a point where there are mage type creatures."

On the path that CloudDragon had already explored, torches were placed on the wall, lighting the place up and at the same time, serving as a marker to show what had already been explored.

"I'm afraid this tomb won't be small..." Little Ye Tian looked around and although she couldn't tell how big the place was, it was definitely not small. The fact that 14 of them could stand together without making the place seem crowded proved it's scale. It could only be the tomb of an important person such as the mayor.

While they were in the tomb, no one spoke. They followed the path that was lit by the torches. Suddenly, SpyingBlade stopped. "There's a secret room on the right side, there is probably a chest inside."

Everyone looked over. There was a small groove in the wall, but it was a dead end with nothing special about it. Little Ye Tian looked and then asked: "The sconce?"

SpyingBlade looked down at Little Ye Tian and nodded. *Such keen observations.* CloudDragon finally noticed. This groove in the wall was different from the groove on the left because it had an extra sconce. Along the hall, every 5 meter would have a sconce to place torches, but this one didn't match the pattern.

Ye Cang was just about to act, but ThornyRose had already grabbed him. "Don't even think about it!!"

FrozenCloud stepped away. Zhang ZhengXiong also followed her.

"Hah~ My divine hand has been sealed again. Just wait till I succeed, you'll all be sorry..." Ye Cang said as he watching SpyingBlade pull on the sconce while he couldn't move a step forwards. ThornyRose signalled Lin Le to go loot.

CloudDragon didn't interfere, it didn't really matter who opened the chest. Since they had discovered it, it wouldn't be a problem to let them open it. However, what in the world are they doing? Especially ThornyRose who seems afraid to let him enter the secret room.

Ye Cang quickly gave Lin Le a command. "Lin Le, go get the chest and let me open it..."

"ThornyRose said that if you opened it, she would tear you apart. This is for your own good..." Lin Le replied.

Ye Cang looked at the proud ThornyRose. It was as if she was saying to him: "What are you gonna do, huh?"

"Brother Lil'White, there's a skillbook, 20 gold coins, and a metal belt!" Lin Le took everything out and walked out. Ye Cang took them. 

Mountain Tiger's Roar (Rare - Beginner Level): Roar like a tiger to arouse your teammates' bloodlust, granting them +5 Strength, +5 Dexterity, +8% speed. Will also deal 20 sonic damage to enemies in range as well as a chance to inflict daze or stun. The caster get's double the bonus. The skill improves along with attributes. Duration: 30 seconds. Cost: 15 rage and 20 energy. Cooldown: 15 minutes. Requirements: Grappler, Ranger or a class that has both rage and energy (Grapplers and Fighters as well as a few hidden classes such as the hidden class Armed Merchant can use this skill more effectively, receiving a bonus).

Guard's Metal Belt (Masterwork - Standard Issue)

Category: Belt

Requirements: 28 Constitution, 29 Strength

+7 Defence

+4 Strength

+6 Constitution

+4% Health

A warcry type skill! Moreover, it has a crowd control effect! It even gave good attributes. Although the cooldown was a bit long such that you could only use it once per battle, but it was still a good skill! If everyone attacked while the buff was up, how terrifying would that be. CloudDragon really wanted it.

Besides the spellcasters, almost everyone else could use it, but grapplers and fighters as well as a few hidden classes got a bonus. The number of people who could compete for it was still pretty high, including: ThornyRose, VastSea, CloudDragon, FrozenCloud, and Lin Le. 

"You guys should roll for it." Ye Cang smiled.

ThornyRose and FrozenCloud both thought to themselves: *This guy sure is bad. Lele is there yet he suggests rolling.*

ThornyRose thought over it. It would be a waste to use Lin Le's roll now. It would be better to save it for a later boss to get some top quality item. They shouldn't reveal it yet. "Let's bid instead..."

FrozenCloud looked over at ThornyRose. *Does ThornyRose want the skill so bad she could hold back her anger? ...Or was she waiting for a boss?*

In the end, it was taken by CloudDragon for 40 gold, half federal dollars. ThornyRose and Ye Cang didn't push the price too high. They had begun to cooperate after much trouble, it wasn't good to ruin their relationship over a bit of money. As for the belt, CloudDragon passed on it. ThornyRose had wanted it, because it would give quite a bit of health, but thinking it over, Zhang ZhengXiong was probably this party's main tank, while she was the 2nd tank. Although she was unwilling to admit it, this unconventional tank was something that they couldn't do without. Ye Cang paid 8 gold for it and gave it to Zhang ZhengXiong.

*An aura specialized paladin?* CloudDragon looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and raised his brows. He had noticed ever since he joined the party. His health had improved by about 33%. Moreover, there was also mana regeneration. *Good guy. No wonder their pace is so fast, they had such a powerful mobile aura. No matter if it's spellcasters or physical classes, they could all benefit. Especially mages, assassins and other classes that didn't have much health. It would increase their survivability and in turn allow them to continue outputting damage. As for recovering mana, it doesn't even need to be said. Right now, there still isn't a reliable way to recover mana. Besides some extremely rare equipment, there wasn't even some potions. It makes me want to invite him to the guild. He's even strong. Just from that moment where he had blocked BlackIce's instant cast spell, I can tell that the guy's reaction is no slower than my own. Moreover, he has top quality equipment, probably better than anyone else in the team. Finally, with that wild fighting style that made him seem as immovable as a mountain, even I wouldn't be able to take it easy against him.*

"Bro! Now I have over 310 health!" Zhang ZhengXiong's words shocked Thornyrose, VastSea and FrozenCloud. 300 health should be impossible at this point in the game! VastSea looked at his own 160 health, and smiled bitterly. The most speechless though, was ThornyRose. *That kid already had such monstrous defence. Now even his health is so monstrous!?* She thought of Zhang ZhengXiong's full set of top quality equipment. The worst one was at superior quality. Most of it was made up of Masterwork and Distinguished quality equipment. Especially that shield. She had gotten to try it before. An attack that would have dealt her 8 damage, if she used that shield, it wouldn't even tickle.
