---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 150"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 150: SpyingBlade's Fury

CloudDragon was also quite surprised. *A full constitution build? Can't be, a full constitution build wouldn't be able to equip that saber. Even the belt earlier require 29 strength, so he has to have at least more than that. I'm afraid this paladin has many talents. Well it makes sense, they completed the fishman questline, so they probably got a few talent rewards and then even more in the jungle. That little girl, last time we met, only her staff was passable, now she's pretty much fully equipped.*

*Last time in Really New Village, if that paladin was around, I'm afraid it would have been difficult to win 4 vs 5. WindDragon (Mad War's head assassin) is in Resting Moon Village. If he was around, it wouldn't be a problem even with the difference in equipment.*

Zhang ZhengXiong noticed that CloudDragon was sizing him up, so he looked over and stared back. He then smiled and gestured at his neck, making a provoking expression, inviting him to fight. *You've already fought my bro, next is my turn!*

CloudDragon's heart trembled. *Interesting! These two brothers! That guy definitely won't be any worse than PaleSnow! Moreover, they're two completely different styles. PaleSnow is a like a snow leopard, calm yet deadly. This guy is like a fearless tiger, ferocious and direct.* He rubbed his metal knuckles, itching for a fight. CloudDragon usually wouldn't bother with new players, but now he was looking forwards to the day he could have a proper fight against these two. *Fire and ice... also that midget, he looks dumb but is actually pretty good. BlackIce and the others couldn't anticipate any of his sneak attacks...*

ThornyRose also took note of the two's staredown. *Shaking Bear might be a playboy, but right now, the only ones who could be a match for CloudDragon was him and that lowlife. However, that's only in the initial stages. CloudDragon would be even more terrifying after finishing his build. That endless storm of attacks. Just his title of Fighting King made it clear how ferocious he is.* Herself and NalanMoon could only smile bitterly. The only one who can beat him in the professional scene was FlameEmperor, and every fight was thrillingly close.

The party continued down the passage and then down a flight of stairs. What greeted them were groups of skeletons and rotting corpses. There were also quite a few sarcophaguses. Ye Cang scouted ahead with his vision which was further enhanced by Eagle Eye, and then returned to the entrance. "There's about 30 of them. 15 skeletons and 15 zombies."

"So many? How many of them were intelligent?" CloudDragon asked.

Ye Cang thought back. "About 5."

"We have to take out the intelligent ones first. They're not only spellcasters, but they'll affect the fighting strength of the others..." Everyone nodded at CloudDragon's words. They would know best since they had been here longer. "Ok, Lele use your molotov's sparingly. Shaking Bear, get as many of them as you can with your shield's skill."

"I can be a damage dealer here..." Little Ye Tian added in.

*Was it some special holy class talent? This girl must have gotten a talent related to undead.* ThornyRose pulled her to the side. "What do you mean?"

Little Ye Tian more or less explained how her healing spells could now deal damage to undead. Moreover, her holy text had an AOE damage ability that would work against them. ThornyRose hesitated, the team was already low on healers. Right now, healing skills were expensive, let along having a healer as skilled as Little Ye Tian with one. Perhaps many of the big guilds didn't have a healer as good as her. If they let her deal damage, there was no one to replace her. ThornyRose was at a loss.

"Do as you see fit. Your main job will still be to heal. I trust that you have the ability to make the right judgement on when to attack." ThornyRose knew the girl was a genius with an extremely high IQ.

"Mm..." Little Ye Tian nodded. She knew there was only her to support the team. Brother Xiong was the main tank and didn't have time. Her father's main job was to attack, and Healing Stream's cooldown meant that it couldn't be used often. It was mostly for emergencies where he could help share the burden.

"PaleSnow, GreenDew, you two focus on long distance attacks. Give priority to dealing fire damage. Focus on the intelligent ones first." ThornyRose continued give tasks to the ranged attackers. She didn't really have much to say besides the obvious. After finishing, she looked at CloudDragon.

"We'll act depending on the situation, you don't have to care..." CloudDragon said plainly. ThornyRose had nothing to be upset at with his tone. She was also not his match, she was even one of his fans. Furthermore, they actually shared a blood-relation. They could be considered distant cousins. "Alright then..."

CloudDragon looked at SpyingBlade to the side and quietly said: "Coward, you still owe me a fight. Do you still remember?"

"I'm already a different me. Treat it as if I missed it, Fighting King..." SpyingBlade thought back to his appointed match with CloudDragon. At the time had even dared to provoke NalanPureSoul and had assassinated LordAsked. LordAsked might not be one of China's Four Kings, but he had narrowly died performing that assassination. His greatest regret was skipping out on the fight with CloudDragon, but at that time, he... *Hah~ such is life.*

ThornyRose, FrozenBlood and the others looked confused. *A fight? With Fighting King?* They were then greatly alarmed. *Doesn't that mean SpyingBlade is...!?*

"You disappoint me. You really are a coward. A good match for CompassionateStar, that dumb woman. Humph..." CloudDragon was extremely disappointed and mocked him.

A cold blade flashed.

Clang~ CloudDragon blocked the black dagger with his knuckles. He pushed it away and smiled coldly. "Do you only have this little bit of ability!? DarkBlade!"

"You can say whatever you want about me, but CompassionateStar isn't someone you can insult! Fighting King...!" SpyingBlade said coldly, he expression filled with rage.

Ye Cang raised an eyebrow. He saw the attack unable to break through the metal knuckles.*Brother CloudDragon's strength is really astounding. His knowledge about the game doesn't even need to be mentioned, and his reflexes aren't any slower than A'Xiong... SpyingBlade is also good. If they fought to the end, I'm afraid that... It would be close.*

Clang~ Clang~ Clang~!

CloudDragon's attacks were also dodged by SpyingBlade. The fight before them was a classic grappler vs assassin battle. FrozenCloud watched entranced. CloudDragon dodged as well as blocked and counterattacked at any time. SpyingBlade used his ghostly steps and ferocious attacks.

FrozenBlood raised her brows. It really was DarkBlade! There was only one assassin that was so berserk. He fought like a berserker but still had his ghostly steps.

"Moving like a ghost, fighting like a beast. The Frenzied Shadow - Darkblade." YellowSprings couldn't help saying DarkBlade's famous description.

"There was a time that guy was extremely powerful..." BlackIce looked at the berserk phantom and murmured. She had been killed by him before, even while being heavily guarded.

Ye Cang became a silver flash, creating countless sword shadows.

Clang~ Clang~

Clang~ Clang~ Clang~

The two of them each blocked two or three strikes. Ye Cang smiled indifferently. "Let's stop, you will have more opportunities to compete later..."

NalanMoon watched, excited. That scum's attacks, how many could have she block? Perhaps 2? Even CloudDragon had let one through last time they fought.

CloudDragon squinted at him. *This white hair, his attacks are getting even faster.* He could still feel the numbness from blocking earlier. SpyingBlade lowered his stance and stared at CloudDragon furiously. He drew his blade in his left hand and reverse his grip on his dagger in his right...

"He's right. Put aside your personal grudges, the team comes first..." ThornyRose quickly butt in.

SpyingBlade took a deep breath. He felt like he had become a bit weird. Whether it was for CloudDragon or for CompassionateStar, he slowly got up and said seriously: "I promise you, you'll die by my hands at least once..."

"Let's see if you have what it takes, coward..." CloudDragon looked into his calm eyes. SpyingBlade's words were making his hand itch. Now he had DarkBlade, White Hair, and that Paladin. He really wanted to crush them. He gripped his metal knuckles tightly in anticipation...
