---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 351"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 351: One Side Each**

“Scum, you have no idea how it feels to see your loved one die right before your eyes. The helplessness and the remorse...” Ye Cang sighed. He reached out and patted SpyingBlade’s shoulder, then slowly walked out of the lounge.

SpyingBlade froze. *That guy… Wait! In the end, he never even told me anything! God dammit, that lowlife!*

Outside the lounge. It wasn’t as if Ye Cang didn’t understand SpyingBlade’s way of thinking. He was a lot like QinXue. It’s just that QinXue chose suicide, whereas he chose to make the other party hate and leave him. He really was a guy that couldn’t be honest with himself. He clearly wanted to be remembered, but chose such a clumsy and stupid method. *ALS? My gene’s can probably save him, but let’s wait and see.*

“What did he say...” DyedLily asked curiously.

“Nothing much...” Ye Cang shrugged, then he looked to the field. On the other side, CompassionateStar hadn’t joined the battle, so the other team was suppressed by A’Xiong. They had taken the lead and used the flag to summon Lele out, so the match was pretty much set.

Ye Cang circled around and came to CompassionateStar’s side. “Do you know his current situation?”

“What do you mean?” CompassionateStar slightly awoke from her soulless state.

“Nothing...” Ye Cang said. Like a big brother, he gave her shoulder a rub, then he turned and went back to his own side.

CompassionateStar watched Ye Cang’s back, puzzled. She didn’t really care about his intimate actions, since she could feel that he was really concerned for her. *His current situation, what does that mean?*

“I’ve discovered that Brother Hero is a really mysterious contestant. He actually went to console the enemy. Look, CompassionateStar’s face is clearly better.” Brother Zhong murmured.

“A cold outside with a warm inside is it? It seems impossible. I feel like he’s just a super vile person. For all we know, this could be a plot to kill his opponent...” Brother Zhao expressed shamelessly.

Zuo Yiyi smiled without a word. *Teacher is actually a really gentle person. That girl by the lake who was beaten so badly, teacher helped her up, and cleaned the dust off her so carefully. He even carried her on his back like an elder brother. Actually, I can tell from my time at the cottage. He’s taking care of the entire household like a father. For me, it is like having a big brother.*

The group battle was won by Thorns and Roses, though it wasn’t easy even with Lin Le joining the fight. Next was hero mode. She looked to the lounge, it wasn’t a good time for him to go up. She first let Lin Le and Ye Cang join and was about to arrange the lanes.

“I’m soloing top. Called it.” Lin Le took his giant blade and strut to the top lane.

“Then I’ll solo bottom. Called it.” Ye Cang also began walking to the bottom lane without looking back.

“Since it’s like that, I’ll solo middle. Called it.” Zhang ZhengXiong said, walking away arrogantly.

“Hold it!” ThornyRose roared, but the three people continued to get further and further away. *You three bastards! Not only do you each take a lane, but you want to solo!? Do you want us to lose!?*

“I’ll go hunt in the enemy’s jungle with Little Tian then...” ElegantFragrance pulled Little Ye Tian and disappeared into the jungle. ThornyRose was completely frozen. Her chest felt tight. She took a deep breath. Both Lin Le and Shaking Bear could tank. She decided that next time, she would make them attend a meeting and teach them some common formations and tactics. “Icy, come take my spot...”

ThornyRose switched with FrozenCloud. As she left the field, she began having second thoughts. *This is fine. I can take the time to examine their performance and come up with troop arrangements.*

Lin Le had walked to the first tower and was bored. He decided to stroll towards the river, and saw a light blue glow in the water. *What’s this?*

“Such good luck, he actually immediately found the rune, and it’s even an invisibility rune that will double his damage for one attack. This time, the other side needs to be careful.” Brother Zhao couldn’t help sighing at his good luck. The spawning time and location was not set. Sometimes, it would be 10 minutes in, or it could be like now where it spawned not long after the battle started. It was extremely irregular.

“Every time the three brothers are up, their lanes are always unpredictable...” Brother Zhong said, seeing the three of them each solo a lane, while the ranged dps and support hid in the enemy jungle.

Lin Le walked over and touched the light. Suddenly, he became invisible and made an evil smile. He came to the middle lane and saw that SkyBlue and A’Xiong were already there. SkyBlue stood at range, unleashing magic arrows. The spectators watched as Lin Le circled around while invisible. They were all still level one, and the Giant Blade Warrior’s base attack power was one of the highest. Zhang ZhengXiong saw the faintly glowing Lin Le, and began to act. He roared and attracted SkyBlue’s attention. “F\*ck, can you only shoot from afar? Come fight this daddy. Do you dare!? You scared!?”

“F\*ck. Mad dog. Nut job...” SkyBlue couldn’t help cursing. He had already seen during the group battle that this guy’s melee abilities might even be better than their guild leader’s. When he thought up to there, a childish voice appeared from behind him. “Heavy Strike!” 

“Careful, top is missing...” CompassionateDream just said.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has slain player SkyBlue. First blood...”

Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong high fived. Then, carrying his giant blade, he rushed back to his lane like a shooting star. The 250 soul reward allowed him to directly upgrade his weapon, once again raising his attack power.

At the bottom lane, CompassionateStar came out of the jungle and saw Ye Cang by himself. All three lanes only had one, didn’t that mean that the ADC and support were in the jungle? “Dee, Fiery, you two go into the jungle and kill ElegantFragrance and the others. Leave this place to me!”

“I got it.” The two of them left the first tower, and entered the jungle.

“What did your words earlier mean, hero...” CompassionateStar said, reaping the souls from a soldier. Ye Cang’s sword flashed, also getting some souls. He smiled, but didn’t speak. Another one was about to die, so his sword flashed again. His farming could be considered perfect, and he hadn’t had to move the entire time. He simply kept playing with his swords. He didn’t give a reply to CompassionateStar’s question.

At this time, the two of them simultaneously reached level 2. Just as the leveling up light flashed, the two of them activated movement skills and charged at each other. Blade Edge Dash! Rose Flash! Trading sword strikes for blade slashes, the two of them clashes in the middle of the soldiers. CompassionateStar split her rose sword into two, one long and one short. She began to compete with Ye Cang’s five swords, and seemed to not be at a disadvantage.

“It’s been a long time since we’ve seen CompassionateStar seperate her weapon...” Brother Zhao watched compassionate star’s petal like sword dance.

“It’s inevitable. Confronting Brother Hero’s Blade Demoness with a two handed sword will be difficult, so splitting it is the correct decision; this way, her skills will also change, which will have a big effect. Brother Hero’s character has yet to break through the limit, but it’s still an S rank character. While the Rosa’s Thorn is an SS rank character, but we’ve already seen Brother Hero’s capabilities in the battle against DarkBlade. Moreover, in hero mode, everyone starts at level 1, so Brother Hero isn’t at a big disadvantage even though he might have slightly lower stats.” Brother Zhong nodded.
