---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 352"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 352: Giant Blade Warrior**

CompassionateStar secretly felt fear. Although she could already tell that Brother Hero’s skill was terrifying from watching it in videos, it felt completely different to actually exchange moves with him! This man had absolute control over his body! It was even more terrifying than CloudDragon! It was as if he was controlling every single cell in his body! Could he be like CloudDragon who strived to gain absolute control in real life, even down to metabolism and blood flow, so that they could be in their peak condition whenever they want.

“Sorry… it’s over…” Ye Cang dodged past CompassionateStar’s chop, and then his sword hilt struck at her chin like lightning. Combo begin! He alternated between his straight and short blades, then finished off with a long saber slash that left her lying at his feet.

“Player PaleSnow has slain player CompassionateStar.”

Having upgraded his weapon, Lin Le easily fought 2 on 1 in the top lane. When he saw them coming, he would kill both the enemy and his own soldiers together using his giant range. He even mocked, “Shame on you. You fight two against one, and even want to bully Lele!?” 

*We’re bullying you!? F\*ck, you’ve already gotten 30 minions, and we only have 10 together!* At this time Lin Le was already level 4, while his two opponents were a bit away from level 3. They didn’t dare go up. Lin Le’s attacks were both powerful and vile. They both had to stay behind their minions. When anyone approached, Lin Le would swing his weapon, performing a wide ranged attack. His weapon and armor was already upgraded to rank 2.

“Prepare to attack. Fiery and Dee are coming.” CompassionateDream faintly lowered her body. The ahoge on Lin Le’s head suddenly stood erect. *There’s an assassin!* He immediately slashed, forcing CompassionateStar back. He then charged towards the river with a Wild Rush, swinging his sword madly. “Assassin, die!!”

Fiery saw that the others were still far! And her movement skill wouldn’t escape far enough! She wanted to retreat and waited for Dee to come back her up, but she couldn’t outrun Lele’s Wild Rush! Seeing that he was just about to enter the bush, she figured he probably didn’t know her location yet, since one had no vision of inside the bush from outside! She decided to fight it out! In the next second, she was sent flying by the charging Lin Le’s uppercut. Using his rotation, his giant blade swung from above her head and cut her directly in two. He didn’t show the slightest bit of hesitation! It was like everything went according to his plan. He raised his blade and walked out of the bush with a sharp expression, “No assassin can escape Lele’s sharp eyes and all-seeing radar!”

“Holy crap! Kelly was instantly slain in her ambush location by the Giant Blade Warrior! Mad Devil Le is not cheating, is he!?” The spectators began discussing spiritedly. The scene earlier just looked too fake. He clearly didn’t have vision in the bush, yet he was able to land such an accurate uppercut.

Dee had just raised her bow, when FrozenBlood’s dagger stabbed into her back, right into her heart. A combo finished her off. FrozenBlood then leapt back, disappearing into the trees. 

CompassionateDream and Al were both stunned. They watched as level 5 Lin Le walked out of the bush, like a raging bull. They decisively chose to return behind their soldiers. This was Mad Devil Le… CompassionateDream put away her original contempt. Only by facing this funny looking guy could one tell how ferocious he truly was. He played wildly yet his skills were all extremely effective.

CompassionateDream could only watch as Lin Le completely suppressed the two of them! In the sneak attack earlier, the Giant Blade Warrior had used his body to attack, causing a mini-stun, and then quickly finishing the fight off with his blade. Lin Le looked like he was very proficient at using his elbows, fists, knees, palm, and that sort of attack to complement his giant blade. It was as different as black and white compared to the past Giant Blade Warriors. It increased his flexibility by a lot, and made him seem more like a half grappler.

Al gripped his dagger tightly as he watched Lin Le dominate the soldiers. They couldn’t just keep hiding like this. He gave CompassionateDream a glance, telling her, *I’ll go try!* Then he waited for his movement skill to become available.

Lin Le’s right hand held the giant blade as he rested it on his shoulder. His left hand chopped at the soldiers, reaping their souls. The ahoge on his head stood erect once again and pointed to the direction Al had suddenly appeared in. Lin Le didn’t even look as he swung his right hand. The giant blade hacked down, scaring Al. *He shouldn’t have such a fast reaction speed! No matter how I look at him, he’s not one of those super fighters like CloudDragon and Brother Hero.* He barely dodged it, but he was struck by the left hand’s chop, stunning him for just an instant. He could only watch as a kick came at his chin.

CompassionateDream frowned. They had underestimated him! His reflexes might even be at CloudDragon’s and those freaks’ level! He was instantly able to tell what direction he should chop in after his first attack was dodged and even used his rotation to power his kick!

Al had been kicked into the air. Lin Le continued to rotate and swung his blade in a big arc. It fiercely smashed through the air and cut Al directly in two. 

“Thi-this… I fear we’ve all underestimated both the Giant Blade Warrior’s potential, and Brother Mad Devil Le’s capability! In his hands, the 10,000 years benchwarmer has become a killing machine. Such terrifying attack power. Could it be there really isn’t a best character, only powerful players?” Brother Zhao said, watching Lin Le’s brutal instant kill. 

“He will probably bring about a rain of carnage with his Giant Blade Warrior. Have you noticed his skill build yet? Besides Giant Assault and Giant Heavy Strike, as well as the passive Giant Slayer (Increases the effect of physical attacks, and gain a huge boost to damage against oversized enemies), the rest of his points are all spent on grappling type skills! An uppercut that provides super-armored frames, a chop, a revolving high-kick; this sort of fast attacks that have minor control effects. This has created a completely different Giant Blade Warrior that no one has ever seen before… This will allow the Giant Blade Warrior’s value to rise at least another 10 times!” Brother Zhong said seriously, fixing up his crazy golden hair.

“Yiyi, you have such a weird smile...” Brother Zhao rubbed his nightcap and saw Zuo Yiyi’s smile while looking at a virtual tablet. He peaked over. “My god, you’ve actually done it. You’ve earned big this time.”

Zuo Yiyi rolled her eyes. “Those two people with 2 and 3 million in Really New Village’s Three Brothers’s character stocks are you two right… Give them to me, I’ll pay you double.”

“Hehe, it’s obvious for all to see. This is a goldmine. Two times? I won’t even sell it for 10 times. Let me tell you...” Brother Zhao said proudly.

“Someone sold! They sold after the sharp increase in the Giant Blade Warrior’s value, throwing out 500,000 worth! Wow~ Get!” Brother Zhong said happily, then looked at the other two who were glaring at him with hatred and shrugged. “Who told you two to waste time acting smug...”

Elsewhere, in the League of Tyrants’ lounge.

“Boss, the Giant Blade Warrior’s value has increased 16 times,” said a blond man with an earring.

“Trash! A group of trash! The Giant Blade Warrior is clearly so good, yet not only could none of you tell, you even advocated that we should sell it! F\*ck, you’re all trash!” The League of Tyrants’ boss - ThunderQuake, a square faced man with sideburns and a tiger-skin coat, pointed at his underlings and roared.

“Didn’t you also curse at it, calling it trash, after you used it? Something like ‘Garbage S rank, who would use this son of a b\*tch...’” The gold haired earring man whispered. His chin wa suddenly smashed by an attack that looked like the Giant Blade Warrior’s uppercut. ThunderQuake beat him up, then looked at the surroundings. “What are you all looking at! Everyone beat him!”

The surrounding underlying hesitated a moment before rushing over to help.

“Enough, enough. Since we’ve already sold it, then stop regretting it. Our opponents have come out, let’s go.” A lady with grand breasts and deep cleavage, wearing a sexy mink fur overcoat, said from beside ThunderQuake.
