---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 353"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 353: Lin Le’s Pentakill

CompassionateDream was feeling sullen. She could neither retreat, nor advance. The Giant Blade Warrior had collected 3 on death stacks! All his attributes were increased by 15%! She could only wait for someone to help her kill him, and make him lose his stacks.

Lin Le leisurely reached level 6. This time he didn’t pick Giant Beheader, but chose a move from another skill tree, Double-Cross.

Double-Cross: Store energy for 2 seconds and then release 3 fierce 360 degree attacks. The position and angle can be controlled. Cost: 35 rage. Cooldown: 2 minutes.

CompassionateDream stared at him closely. Now that he was level 6, he had his first major skill. Last time he had showed a skill that did terrifying damage to towers. She couldn’t let him push the minions over and begin destroying her tower! She quickly had Al, FierceKelly, and Dee come over. Fiery and Dee once again snuck over from the river. FrozenBlood watched from a high place. *4 on 1? That’s right, the Giant Blade Warrior has reached 3 stacks. If he reaches 5, then it will become permanent and he will become pervertedly strong. Shall I help? Will I make it in time?*

Lin Le’s ahoge stood up again. *Another assassin! Even two of them!* “You’re trying to bully Lele with numbers! Lele will fight you!!”

Lin Le directly activated Giant Assault. Dragging his giant blade, he charged towards Fiery in the bush.

Fiery’s was startled. *What kind of intuition is that!? He discovered me the moment I entered the bush!?* Dee quickly stood up from behind her, and began shooting. While charging, Lin Le was hit by a few arrows. He merely blocked a few of the more critical ones. CompassionateDream and Al were chasing him from behind. The four of them had him surrounded. FierceKelly couldn’t help jumping out of the bush when she saw Lin Le’s overbearing charge. She saw his uppercut coming for her, and quickly dodged, but felt a pain on her chest. Dee watched this scene. His upper cut was actually a feint; it looked like he was punching, but his true attack was with his knee! She quickly hit Lin Le with a paralysing arrow. Success! Lin Le was about to finish off FierceKelly with his sword, but became momentarily paralysed. He made a face as his prey jumped into the water and escaped. He looked at Dee, his two eyes red with fury. “You dare bully me...”

Lin Le breathed out heavily through his nose, and directed his fury towards Dee. Dee quickly turned and ran for her life towards CompassionateDream. Fiery smiled bitterly. As expected of someone called Mad Devil, if he continued charging after her, she would be in trouble, yet he chose Dee who had stopped him for a moment. Just how violent was this child-like mad devil’s temper.

“Lele is too emotional, he clearly could have killed her if he kept going!” ThornyRose frowned, while at the same time, feeling a whole new level of respect for Lin Le. That Giant Blade Warrior could be used as the team’s ace. That terrifying attack power was displayed beautifully by Lele. Would FrozenBlood’s support make it in time though? They were gradually moving the fight away from her. Lele really was too reckless.

CompassionateDream and Al both activated their movement skills and intercepted Lin Le. FierceKelly also came in from behind. The three of them surrounded and flanked Lin Le. Dee had also escaped from danger and began providing ranged support.

“Hah, he’s still too impetuous. The Giant Blade Warrior is done...” Brother Zhao didn’t get to finish before Lin Le took three attacks in order to perform a knee strike at CompassionateDream. CompassionateDream dodged, making the knee hit nothing but air, but it was only a feint. When Al stabbed his leg with a dagger, he grabbed the dagger wielding hand, and kicked his head, sending him into the air. He then swung his elbow, forcing FierceKelly back, then he suddenly held his giant blade with two hands. “Those who bully Lele! Die!”

None of the three could retreat due to their momentum. Just as they stabilized, three moon-like slashes were sent in three directions.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has slain players CompassionateDream, FierceKelly, and Alsa. Triple Kill! Obtained achievement for killing three opponents in an instant!!”

“He actually chose the skill Double-Cross! He gave up the tower destroying ability for a killing skill! The weakness of this skill is the 2 second channel time and it’s small range! But as we just saw, the space was used beautifully!” Brother Zhao’s couldn’t help sighing in admiration.

“Also, the other three are all level 4 so don’t have their main skills, dodging skills, nor teleportation skills. It will only get harder for them. Now that he has 6 stacks, 5 of them have become permanent, and he even gets the Giant Blade Warrior’s special awakening skill only available in hero mode, Giant Blade Smash. This is a skill that has practically never been seen in league competition before. Let me see, store power for 3 seconds and then release a Qi attack in a circular area in front of you. The damage is 200%, and it will destroy 40% of armor!” Brother Zhong had also been startled by Lin Le’s triple kill.

Lin Le reached level 7 and got his newly awakened smash. He didn’t even think, and began running for Dee with the increased stats from his 3 kills, while at the same time, beginning to channel strength for his newly awakened skill - Giant Smash. FrozenBlood saw him storing up strength. *Not good, it’s Giant Smash! Why did make that evil smile!? F\*ck!* She quickly jumped out from the bush beside Dee, planning to escape. Dee was continuously unleashed arrows at Lin Le. She had no control skills available, and couldn’t kill nor block due to Lin Le’s boosted stats! She was just about to turn and run when an enormous qi attack appeared, tearing everything to shreds. Quadrakill! Pentakill!

FrozenBlood was still caught in its range and killed.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has slain player SpottedDeer and FrozenBlood. Pentakill!”

ThornyRose broke into cold sweat as she watched from outside. She was amazed by Lele’s might, while also thinking that within that pentakill, one was an ally...

“Pentakill! It’s actually a pentakill! With the slow Giant Blade Warrior no less! Th-this...” The spectators couldn’t believe their eyes.

“Damn, the Giant Blade Warrior’s value has increased by 20 times! Those who invested in this are becoming rich...”

“Hehe, I bought quite a few. Tsk tsk, the three brothers fanclub are the big winners here. 75% of the three brothers’ heroes stocks have been bought by them. They’ve already turned from fans into fanatics, and began building a statue of the three brothers...”

ThornyRose turned on her virtual pad and nodded. “The money from buying the characters has all been earned back, and more. It even doubled it. Now my mother will stop making fun of me...”

In the middle lane, Zhang ZhengXiong was feeling depressed. His opponent keeps hiding under the tower! Lele already had a Pentakill! Yet he had to stay here and play in the mud with this dumbass SkyBlue! “Blue haired dumbass! Do you dare to come fight with this boss! What kind of man just hides in his shell!”

“If you have the guts, then come over here!” SkyBlue didn’t get mad. He continued to turtle under his tower and mocked back. 

“Scumbag!” Zhang ZhengXiong sent a guard flying with a punch. *Better not let me get to level 6!*

In the bottom lane, CompassionateStar had chosen to slowly build up her strength, no longer getting into confrontations with Ye Cang. The longer this went on, the more she would be able to suppress him with her superior character. Although she didn’t want to have to resort to that, but she wasn’t his match in a fight. His absolute control was too frightening.
