---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 354"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 354: Crossing the Line

Ye Cang drew his blade with his thumb. The blade slashed out and returned, bringing the souls of 3 guards with it. He looked very relaxed as he stood among the guards, staring at god knows what. The moment a soldier was about to die, there would be a clink sound, a blade would shoot out. Then there would be a flash, and a soul would float into him.

When Lin Le’s Pentakill was announced, CompassionateStar couldn’t help sighing deeply, but seeing the fifth name on the list, she laughed. This pentakill actually included a friendly fire kill. Really New Village’s Three Brothers truly are amusing. She was in a mess after her battle with DarkBlade, and couldn’t find the will to fight. She kept thinking about why he would hurt her like this. Could it be he really was only taking revenge for high school? Or did she do something wrong? The DarkBlade she knew wasn’t that sort of person. He was gentle and somewhat weak. Like a timid hero, in his frail body was a fearless spirit. 

CompassionateStar used her skills to kill the soldiers. By cowering, she would only lose out in the end. She charged out and attacked. Even if she couldn’t win, she shouldn’t cower! She turned into Rose Petals that spread for as far as the eye could see. The relaxed Ye Cang looked over at the roses and faintly smiled. Clink~ he drew a sword in both hands. Clang clang clang! The sounds of swords clashing could be heard. The combination of the petals and crescent moon like slashes were a feast for the eyes. In the end, CompassionateStar once again fell at Ye Cang’s feet.

“That’s the way. Don’t think too much. No matter what, you can only go forwards. If you choose to stop due to hesitation or remain silent, then all that will await you is remorse...” Ye Cang sheathed his blades and faintly said.

“That poser...” The spectators heard Ye Cang’s words of consolation after he killed her. The kind of opponent that players hated the most were not the ones that raged or cursed, but the ones who preached. For example, ones that told you to strike more sharply, or move more decisively. Words like that would often enrage their opponents.

“Is that right...” CompassionateStar walked back from the respawn point and murmured. She began to assemble her teammate to launch a concentrated attack. They managed to take out FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance, but in the end, still lost due to the early game. 

Brother Zhao felt regretful. “It took them too long to make their comeback, however, after this round, Falling Star will probably be break out of their slump.”

“Um, while you were saying those words, Brother Hero once again brought Brother Diamond and Brother Mad Devil Le to camp the spawn point. Is this their quirk?” Brother Zhong and the spectators all broke out in cold sweat. They watched Lin Le dance and taunt while Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong hid around the corner.

“As expected of a lowlife...” SpyingBlade muttered as he watched the projection.

“Now they have passed the preliminaries. Falling Star will need to battle it out with Mountain Mist and Night Wind for the second spot.” Brother Zhao said, looking at the competition results.

“The final entertainment mode is already meaningless for Thorns and Roses, but they should still strive for those 2 points. Let’s see what their random game is?” Brother Zhong also organized some data.

“It’s here. It’s a 1v1 auto racing.” Zuo Yiyi said, looking at the projected icon. 

“Racing, it’s my specialty...” ThornyRose faintly smiled and walked towards the stage, but someone was even faster than her and had already entered the car. 

“Lele wants to play, don’t fight me over it!”

“Hey, do you even know how to drive!? Get out, get out. I’m Vermillion Districts Racing Queen.” ThornyRose’s felt stressed as she tried to make Lin Le leave. 

“No!” Lin Le turned away and locked the door, then waited for the race to start. Once Lin Le was locked in as the contestant, ThornyRose gnashed her teeth. *These three guys, can any of them not cause me problems!? Can they be less self centered!? We’re a team! A club!*

After 30 seconds, ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and ElegantFragrance all gasped in amazement. They watched Lin Le take a shortcut, sending his car airborne and crashing it into SkyBlue’s car, sending it off a cliff. Then he got out, wanting to pee off the side. No pee came out from behind the mosaic though, so he just made faces and drove to the finish line.

“While others are racing, he’s trying to kill his opponent. Although there are no rules prohibiting it, but… As expected of the man called Mad Devil Le...” Brother Zhao took out his handkerchief and wiped his cold sweat. Many clubs added Lin Le to their extremely dangerous and insane list.

“He was going to pee right? But he couldn’t pee, so decided to just make faces...” Brother Zhong’s forehead was also covered in cold sweat.

“I told you, leave it to Lele. Easy as pie!” Lin Le raised his chin and walked out of the car arrogantly.

ThornyRose was speechless. *Is that even racing? It was definitely on purpose too! You maliciously tailed him planning to cause an accident the entire time! It was premeditated murder! But it’s true that he won, so she just covered her forehead and let it pass.* “Yeah, yeah, awesome...”

“Our club’s moral rating is plummeting. It already wasn’t very good in the first place, but now it’s at an all-time low. Oh, it fell again. We’re in the inferior range now. At this rate, we’ll even surpass the Vile Valley, and it won’t be long before we’re lower than the League of Tyrants.” ElegantFragrance browsed through their clubs evaluation and made fun of it.

ThornyRose could only smile bitterly. During these few days of competition, they had already committed countless technical fouls. She felt wronged, it was clearly all done by those three guys + SpyingBlade. She sighed. *Whatever. Low quality it is. Even without them, it is impossible to raise it because of ElegantFragrance and FrozenBlood anyways.* ThornyRose had completely forgotten that before they joined, she herself had also done many things to lower their moral rating. Every time they faced off against Beauties at the Crossfire, her language would transform, and it would become a cat fight.

“Hah, who would have thought our club’s moral rating was so low. You girls should watch how you act...” Ye Cang looked at ThornyRose and the other women, then sighed.

“Get lost! You have no right to say that! You spawn camper and preacher!” ThornyRose and the other women all roared.

Ye Cang blinked his eyes, completely unperturbed. Then he took a deep breath, and sighed. “Hah, it’s all that guy SpyingBlade’s fault...”

“......” SpyingBlade had just walked out of the lounge and felt a pain in his chest. He stared speechlessly, then turned and glanced at CompassionateStar. Finally, he looked at everyone and said, “I’m heading off...”

CompassionateStar came to Thorns and Roses’ area. She looked at Ye Cang and extended her hand with a smile. “I’m very happy to have fought with you… besides the part where you camped our spawn and when Mad Devil Le was going to pee off the cliff...”

Ye Cang smiled indifferently and shook her hand. “It’s all part of the strategy, apologies...”

ThornyRose rolled her eyes. *Just keep lying. This lady knows how inhuman you are!* She suddenly recalled how they had first met. That trauma on her backdoor. She began to gnash her teeth as she shook CompassionateStar’s hand. “Sister Qian, you...”

CompassionateStar shook her head. Everyone began to go offline. ThornyRose sighed. She turned and watched as Ye Cang’s group once again punctually signed off work. *These guys, they might not come on time, but they always leave without a minute delay.*
