---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 355"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 355: Embrace and Kiss**

Imperial City, on a bench by a little stream.

SpyingBlade enjoyed the peaceful time he spent here. While sitting here, he could feel the night descending. This way, he could feel the flow of life. He slowly got up and walked towards the vending machine. Suddenly, he couldn’t feel his right leg and stumbled. His right hand couldn’t catch him in time, so he could only watch as the floor approached, resulting in a fall where his chin smashed the floor. He tried to exert strength and move his right leg, but discovered that it no longer responded to him. He didn’t want to believe it, but he could only sigh. He pulled out his cellphone with his left hand. “I’m sorry but could I place an order for a special ALS wheelchair. The address is XXX.”

SpyingBlade rolled over, then leaned himself against the bench. He turned and watched the sun gradually set...

Not far away, by a big tree, a beautiful and delicate woman stood there watching as SpyingBlade tried to get up with one arm and one leg. Her tears constantly fell. *I knew it, I knew it. So this is the reason you want me to hate you.* She slowly walked over to him, and spoke while sobbing, “Two years... we’ve wasted two years together. You idiot...”

“Why are you here, go back to the capital. I don’t need your sympathy...” SpyingBlade said coldly without turning to her. He slowly hobbled a few steps, but his lame body stumbled and knocked into a garbage can. He grit his teeth and once again got up with one hand and one leg. He faced CompassionateStar who was offering him a hand, and pushed her away. “I said I have no interest in you. My life and death has nothing to do with you. We’ve already broken up!”

SpyingBlade wanted to run away. Run somewhere where this woman couldn’t find him. He was afraid he wouldn’t be able to bear it if this went on.

CompassionateStar pulled him towards herself, and then put a dagger into SpyingBlade’s left hand. “If you don’t love me, then you can just kill me...”

CompassionateStar held SpyingBlade’s trembling left hand and moved it to her throat. She began to press down with more and more strength. Her skin was cut, and blood dripped down her slender neck. SpyingBlade pulled the blade away, and tossed it aside. Then with his left hand, he slapped her. The slap resounded exceptionally clearly. “Are you crazy!? If you want to die, go die somewhere else. Don’t involve me!”

SpyingBlade then grabbed a broken branch, and used it as a crutch to hobble home. He stopped and, without turning back, he said, “Also, you’re not young anymore. Being with the Li family guy is not bad. He’s FlameEmperor, the man standing at the top of china. Don’t be obstinate and walk the wrong path, Gongsun Qian. I’m just a dying cripple...”

When he finished speaking, he continued forwards. CompassionateStar watched his staggering, lonely back, and thought of him dying all by himself. She couldn’t hate him. She knew that he only acted this way because he was dying, so she couldn’t hate him. She only hated herself for not realising sooner. She recalled Ye Cang’s words, ‘you can only go forwards. If you choose to stop due to hesitation or remain silent, then all that will await you is remorse.’ *I can’t keep hesitating! I don’t care if he hits me or shouts at me, I’ll never leave him again! FlameEmperor? In my eyes, he’s not even a thousandth of you, you know that?*

SpyingBlade felt someone embrace him from behind. It was a firm, passionate, and familiar embrace. Even someone like him who was resolved to die couldn’t help but shed a tear. “Why, I’m just an average guy with an incurable disease. I should just be abandoned by everyone and die alone.”

“Because I’m a woman from a wish fulfillment novel who can only love an ordinary man like you. An ordinary man who can throw his life away for me. An ordinary man who, in my eyes, is even more dependable than FlameEmperor. An ordinary man I’m willing to spend the rest of my life with. I’ll never leave your side again. You can’t chase me away anymore...” CompassionateStar started with a joke, but her words gradually became more and more serious.

“Don’t be like this. I don’t have many days left. I don’t want you to have to prepare for my funeral...” SpyingBlade was trembling. He felt the warmth as she held him tighter and tighter.

“I won’t be at your funeral, because we’ll die together...” CompassionateStar said as if it was nothing much.

“I was afraid you’d be like this. Promise me, that even if I die, you have to live on. You have to find a worthy man, at least not someone as ordinary and cowardly as me...” SpyingBlade turned and tearfully said.

“Coward? You’re the bravest man I know. You should know, my heart isn’t something any guy could win...” CompassionateStar said and kissed him. SpyingBlade was surprised, but his whole body relaxed, no longer having any regrets in this life. Their eyes brimmed with tears and excitement as they continued to kiss.

...

The next day, in the league location.

Due to White Light club’s leader’s wonton provocations during the team battle, Ye Cang’s group of four broke the rules again. Ye Cang, Lin Le, and Zhang ZhengXiong surrounded their leader, also the last survivor, but didn’t kill him. Like evil tyrants, they pushed him around between them, slashing and punching at him. Little Ye Tian even healed him so he wouldn’t die. This went on for half an hour before the whistle blew, giving them a technical foul. All four of them were sent out of the arena. Only ThornyRose and the sixth member, FrozenBlood were left. They killed off the White Light leader who was begging for death. The commentators Brother Zhao and Brother Zhong watched the four of them bullying the other team’s leader like a bunch of primary school student, and they laughed so hard that they couldn’t breath.

Ye Cang’s four were marked as suspended and could no longer participate this round. Thornyrose sighed. *These four...* She turned and looked at White Light’s leader, who was on the verge of collapse. Afterall, he had been humiliated in front of a great number of people.

SpyingBlade came into the lounge and said with a smile, “Sorry, I’m late...”

“I sense that someone ‘slept’ well...” Wang sniffed SpyingBlade and said.

SpyingBlade’s face turned red, then kicked Wang away. “Cough cough, back off you vulgar guy. How about I go up for Hero Mode?”

ThornyRose was speechless. Wang’s intuition regarding these matters were truly godly. She saw that SpyingBlade was at a loss for words, and she teased, “Oh~~~”

“Oh~~~” Ye Cang’s group of four all followed teasingly.

“Ok, ok. SpyingBlade, later you’ll be solo-mid. These four have all been suspended.” ThornyRose waved it off, not teasing any further.

SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang’s group. Every one of them was marked with the word ‘suspended’. He sighed. *These guys will probably receive more technical fouls in a season than a player might get over their entire career. The league is a big event, so usually, one has to do something very vile to get a technical foul.* He replayed the scene of Ye Cang’s group messing with the leader, and didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He shook his head and began walking onto the field. He passed by Ye Cang and raised the corners of his lips. “Thanks...”

“It’s too early to thank me...” Ye Cang turned and whispered while looking at his departing back. *Fang Ci is suited to be a policy maker. This guy was also quite suitable. He is cool-headed with a keen intuition. One more is better than one less. Although I’m going to retired, but I still need authority in the 10 Commandments. If someone dangerous managed to gain influence in the organization, it will be even more dangerous to the world than Salvation. I know that there are high ranking members of Salvation hidden within the 10 Commandments, otherwise, there is no way Salvation’s top secret experiments can be leaked to the Commandments so quickly. #1 must have made a deal with that guy...*
