---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 356"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 356: SpyingBlade Returns**

“White Light’s leader, RedSerpent probably even has thoughts of dying. It feels like Really New Village’s Three Brother often get suspended. This time, all three of them including Brother Hero’s little sister - Sister Rainbow were all judged guilty.” Brother Zhao watched Ye Cang’s group leisurely play board games.

“Zuo Yiyi, aren’t you learning dance from Brother Hero? How is his teaching?” Brother Zhong looked at Zuo Yiyi, who had always came wearing very formal clothes since that time. Things like evening gowns.

“It’s a very unique teaching style. It’s like I’ve been introduced to a whole new world...” Zuo Yiyi said with a graceful smile.

“Seriously? Then I’m really looking forwards to your next performance. Remember to give me and Old Zhong VIP passes...” Brother Zhao said.

“Of course...” Zuo Yiyi’s hand just left her virtual tablet, when Brother Zhong laughed. “Haha, another 20,000 worth of stocks...”

“This devious crazy hair...” Zuo Yiyi and Brother Zhao both looked at him with contempt.

Ye Cang looked at CompassionateStar, who had come over in the virtual world, and he smiled. “Looks like you’re really resolved to be with him...”

“Mm...” CompassionateStar nodded. “I’ll definitely do my best to take care of him, until he...”

Ye Cang gave a disappointed and mysterious smile. “Soon, I’ll give you a present. You can consider it my blessing...”

CompassionateStar nodded. *ThornyRose really found an interesting guy. A man enshrouded in layers upon layers of mysteries.*

Although Ye Cang’s group was absent, ThornyRose still had herself. She replaced FrozenBlood with SpyingBlade, and replaced Ye Cang’s group with some people from the the 2nd string: FrozenCloud, DemonSpirit, ElegantFragrance, and GreenDew.

“Can you get a few less technical fouls...” DyedLily said, walking over.

“Well said, well said. DyedLily, let’s be friends. This is my...” Zhang ZhengXiong suddenly got up, scaring DyedLily. She laughed bitterly and rolled her eyes at him. Wang was not far away, cheering him on. Wang then looked around and sighed. *The club’s beauties are so hard to get close to, but boss has given me a chance to gain a whole new experience. I can’t disappoint him! I’ll definitely successfully hold a girl’s hand! I have the best chances with LittleJade.* If the others could read his thoughts, they would have definitely shook their heads and thought, *for you, it’s impossible! You have no chances at all...*



Under ThornyRose’s command, nothing bad happened, and they were able to seize victory. SpyingBlade ended the game with a 20 kill count which was colored in red. He even got 2 pentakills, which made the spectators all stand and cheer. The Berserk Shadow was back.

Brother Zhao and Brother Zhong both evaluated that he was even stronger than in the past. CloudDragon had his arms crossed, a smile crossed his lips. *It’s coming, our promised battle.*

“He’s mine...” A voice came from CloudDragon’s side. CloudDragon raised his brows, not even turning to look. It was the Dance of Death - HeavenBlessed, china’s top assassin.

“Thorns and Roses will be even harder to handle this time around. DarkBlade’s strength not only didn’t decline, but even increased this much...” MistyVeil furrowed her brows, and looked at the gray haired man that brushed past CloudDragon. HeavenBlessed. His expression gave away his excitement. *That’s right, the one who pulled him down from first place is back.*

“Entertainment mode, mixed martial arts.” The system announced.

Zhang ZhengXiong decisively got up and walked on stage. His violent bear like aura was erupting at full power. He stretched his neck, and his two eyes were full of contempt as he looked at the other side. “Who’s going to come play with me...”

ThornyRose sighed. In the past, these events would all be handled by her. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong. *This guy is someone that even grandpa says is a genius hard to find within a hundred years.*

On White Light’s side, the members felt their scalps tingle. RedSerpent clenched his teeth. *Who’s afraid of you in single combat! F\*ck, you might have beaten me in the group competition because it was 4 on 1, but now it’s 1 on 1. You think I still fear you!?* He jumped onto the stage. After three seconds, the spectators could no longer bear to watch him getting beaten into a pulp by Zhang ZhengXiong. It was a completely one-sided steamrolling. In the end, he even screamed like a little girl as he was thrown at the arena’s ropes. Then like an arrow on a bow, he was sent shooting back at Zhang ZhengXiong. He was smashed by both of Zhang ZhengXiong’s fists, and was sent flying far into the distance...

“Boring...” Zhang ZhengXiong jumped off the stage.

CloudDragon saw the provocative look that Zhang ZhengXiong had given him. *That guy really is a good opponent!* 

Zhang ZhengXiong’s heroic yet terrifying aura made Brother Zhao’s blood boil. “Brother Diamond actually dared to provoke a heavenly king! Indeed, a newborn calf doesn’t fear a tiger...”

“I hope you guys don’t lose before meeting me…” CloudDragon smiled coldly.

Zhang ZhengXiong snorted. “Bro, if we meet him, leave him to me, alright?”

“Doesn’t matter. Since you want him, then he’s yours.” Ye Cang shrugged, his expression indifferent.

“There’s only one opponent a day. Tomorrow’s opponent was just decided. It’s Heavenly Oath, a tough opponent...” ThornyRose faintly frowned. Heavenly Oath had a powerful squad. Unlike Falling Star, Heavenly Oath’s performance was steady. They regularly made it into the semi-finals and was amongst the top 16.

“Are they strong?” Lin Le rubbed his head.

“About the same as Falling Star, but they are more stable. They are a team that is difficult to go up against. Their leader, BlackForestMoon is a powerful arcanist.” ElegantFragrance replied.

“Then they aren’t very strong...” Lin Le shrugged.

“Cough cough...” CompassionateStar felt embarrassed.

ThornyRose and the women, as well as SpyingBlade all broke out in cold sweat. *Their club leader is right in front of you, yet you can’t be a bit more tactful?*

“Lele, their leader is right beside you.” Ye Cang sighed.

Lin Le looked over at CompassionateStar. “Oh, I knew you looked familiar. You’re SpyingBlade’s lover!”

“......” ThornyRose looked at CompassionateStar. She wasn’t sure if the red hue was from embarrassment or from rage. She covered her forehead, “Let’s rest. You guys can get off work now.” 

ThornyRose watched as Ye Cang and the others disappeared the moment she mentioned getting off work. She sighed. “Sister Qian, don’t take Lele seriously. He’s just like a child...”

“It’s fine, I actually envy his temperament. Well, we’re leaving first...” CompassionateStar shook her head.

ThornyRose watched the two of them leave together. Although she was curious what had happened between them, but seeing them together, she smiled. It wasn’t important whether she knew or not. She turned and heard ElegantFragrance’s murmuring, “I definitely need to know the gossip about them. Ah~~~ I smell a fragrance I haven’t smelt in a long time...”

*Hah, this woman becomes a pervert when there’s juicy gossip.* ThornyRose sighed. “Everyone return to the club and train. We never know when those three will get another technical foul...”

“Don’t even mention it. People are already beginning to bet on how many technical fouls the Three Brothers will get, the order, and in what mode. Everyone can bet...” FrozenBlood said, looking through her virtual tablet. “So fun. Unfortunately, we can’t bet because we’re on the same team...”
