---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 359"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 359: Giant Blade Warrior Promoted

“Perish in the darkness...” Barca Lahsa put on his helmet and raised his large sword, holding it firmly in two hands.

“Dumbass, this sort of second rate line, Lele already stopped using it long ago.” Lin Le carried his giant blade on his shoulder. His left hand pulled on his lower eyelid and he made a face.

“......” ThornyRose and the women froze. Such a sharp taunt + burn.

Barca roared, and became a black beam of light which appeared in front of Lin Le. Lin Le struck with a backhand chop which hit the handle of the sword that Barca wanted to attack with, while simultaneously performing a knee attack. Barca pulled down hard on his sword, meeting Lin Le’s knee with his hilt. Lin Le clenched his teeth, his movement speed was lowered from that damage. Taking advantage of that hilt attack, Lin Le used his right hand to swing his giant sword, knocking Barca back two steps. Although they were both heavy weapon experts, they could be further divided. Lin Le’s weapons was about 2 sizes bigger than Barca’s, classifying him as an oversized weapon expert. His strength was also a level higher than Barca’s, but his speed and other aspects were more than just a little bit lower.

At two steps away, Lin Le’s ahoge suddenly stood erect, and he activated an incomparably fierce attack. “Giant Beheader!!”

Barca sneered. The giant blade swung, passing right through his body, not having the slightest effect. Ye Cang crossed his arms and frowned. “That’s a fake, the real one should be behind Lele.”

ThornyRose could also faintly sense it. She watched the promotion exam, full of unwillingness. If she were to challenge it, would she be able to win? She shook her head, she wasn’t ready yet. She knew herself well. She wasn’t like these guys that had super-villain like strength. She saw that someone else had come to the club. It was SpyingBlade. He was a normal person that didn’t go through any special training but that ability to put his life on the line at any moment, trained through countless encounters, was his most terrifying weapon. No one dared to look down on him. Just the fact that he could pass his promotion exam was proof enough of his strength. This sort of person could explode with terrifying might. HeavenBlessed was also done in by this. At first, he could play around with SpyingBlade, but in the end, they ended in mutual destruction. He had risen from the bottom, and was someone that even the smart MistyVeil had suffered from because she looked down on him. She had been assassinated and still held a grudge against Falling Star for it. In those times, Falling Star was strong. The combo of him and CompassionateStar was especially dazzling. He was even praised as the rookie to become the next heavenly king, but good things don’t last… *However, now, he and CompassionateStar are better... That’s not good! CompassionateStar, that b\*tch, will definitely try to lure him over. F\*ck, how do I hold onto SpyingBlade...*

SpyingBlade just came in and saw ThornyRose glaring at him. Her eyes almost glowed and it made him shiver. He turned away and watched the battle.

Lin Le was in a disadvantageous position. He was being thoroughly suppressed by Barca in terms of speed, thus was unable to hit with his blade. He could only occasionally strike with common skills like punches, chops, or palm strikes. Against the oncoming black light, Lin Le could only block with the flat of his blade. He roared and forcefully pushed the attack back, causing him to fall back a step. “You bully Lele!? Lele will fight you!”

Lin Le was like a child throwing a tantrum. He threw off all the armor on his body besides things like rings and necklaces. All he wore was a pair of tighty whiteys. Barefoot, he charged with his giant blade. ThornyRose covered her forehead. “Lele and his childish temper. Without any armor, he’s going to lose at this rate...”

“Actually, Lele probably knows that he can’t win lugging around that burden, so he straightforwardly chose to cripple himself, giving up all the defence and damage provided by the armor, instead choosing to increase his speed. With that weapon, his damage is still high enough...” SpyingBlade shook his head.

“It’s just like SpyingBlade said. Look, Lele can already keep up with Barca’s movements.” Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.

“Just keep watching...” Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

The situation was reverse, with Lin Le now occupying the advantage. They had the same speed, but Lin Le’s weapon strongly suppressed Barca’s.

Lin Le entered his berserk mode, and began hacking away like crazy. The spectating SpyingBlade, ThornyRose, and the others felt a tinge of fear. When Lele went mad, he was even more violent than Shaking Bear. The contrast was just too great.

“Limit Break Ultimate...” SpyingBlade saw that the suppressed Barca’s longsword, which had been knocked away, began glowing with black light. “Lightless Field...”

The space was engulfed by a black dome. All vision was entirely gone. Lin Le could even feel himself losing health...

“It will be hard now. In this state, Barca just needs to keep hiding, and Lele will be killed by the dark light...” ElegantFragrance said, worried.

“Mm, the Giant Blade Warrior doesn’t have any scouting or dark-vision skills. It will be hard...” ThornyRose just began to now when Lin Le’s ahoge perked up and pointed to the left. Lin Le pretended to carelessly turn to the right. His ahoge trembled and he suddenly spun, unleashing the skill he was channeling. In a flash, he easily dodged past Barca’s soundless surprise attack and struck him in the face. Then with another spin, while Barca was stunned, he chopped down on Barca’s neck. “Ultimate - Star Crush!”

The black light dissipated, and the space returned to normal. Barca had been cut in two. Lin Le, who was just wearing his tighty whities, raised his chin proudly; his blade rested on his shoulder. He posed with one hand on his hip and snorted, “Now you know what happens when you bully Lele...”

ThornyRose’s mouth hung wide open. SpyingBlade was also frozen stiff. How did he know Barca’s location? It wasn’t just knowing, it was as if he could clearly see Barca’s every move, otherwise how was it possible to so accurately smash someone in the face while dodging a fatal attack. He completely reversed that dangerous situation, winning in an unimaginable way.

“I think I saw his ahoge move...” FrozenBlood said.

“Could it be that it’s really a radar like thing?” ElegantFragrance stroked her chin and mumbled, then blushed.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has successfully completed the promotion exam! Giant Blade Warrior promoted from S rank to SS rank!” An announcement rang through the virtual world.

The virtual world was in an uproar. They all rubbed their eyes, not believing what they were seeing. The Giant Blade Warrior completed a promotional exam!? Even CloudDragon froze. *That Lele really isn’t simple...*

A warm beam of light enveloped Lin Le. A voice arrived, asking if he would give up all his armor. Lin Le thought about it, then agreed.

ThornyRose watched as the Giant Blade Warrior’s armor turned into scraps and then his giant sword became a size bigger, covered in hazy runes. Using Lin Le as the base, the Giant Blade Warrior was reduced down to just pair of tighty whities. Even the necklaces and rings had been discarded. In the end, even the underwear began to glow and fade, leaving behind a Giant Blade Warrior clad in only mosaics and holding a super giant blade.
