---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 360"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 0360: Heavenly Oath**

“Lele, hurry and put on clothes!” ThornyRose looked at Lin Le’s mosaic covered lower body and roared.

Lin Le didn’t care, he was in no rush to put on pants. ThornyRose sighed, and looked at the Giant Blade Warrior’s changes in attributes. When she saw his speed, she gasped. From the original C- it became an assassin level S! His strength became SSS!? Such a big boost in physique. However, his defence was practically 0. Seeing his Limit Break Ultimate, Nude - Walking Catastrophe, she gasped again. It’s effect was to increase speed and reflex by 100% and double all attributes for 1 minute. It had a cooldown of 4 minutes. She thought back to those heavy layers of armor that the Giant Blade Warrior wore, and compared it to now, where he was so lightly armored that a mosaic was needed. Breaking out of a cocoon; ThornyRose couldn’t help but think of this when looking at the completely naked Giant Blade Warrior.

SpyingBlade saw the speed that actually reached S rank. This character was now terrifying. It could be classified as an extreme glass cannon. It gave up all defence, going into battle completely naked. He couldn’t help saying, with a strange expression, “Hey, he won’t have to go into battle looking like that right...”

“Lele, hurry. Just put on any random pair of pants.” ThornyRose said grouchily. Lin Le swapped back to the Giant Blade Warrior, and put on a pair of suspender shorts and running shoes. As for the top, he wore a white t-shirt.

ThornyRose looked at the Giant Blade Warrior now that he was dressed. It seemed out of sort no matter how she looked at it. That enormous blade was extremely incompatible with those suspenders. He looked like he was going on a camping trip, but brought a 4 meter long enormous blade. *Whatever,* she thought, figuring they could confuse the enemies this way.

“I discovered something interesting. It’s possible that the rewards from the SS rank promotion aren’t fixed, but based on your performance and comprehension...” SpyingBlade thought back to the exam.

“True. Lele took off his armor to fight, and the final reward corresponded to that, becoming what he wanted to achieve...” FrozenBlood nodded, thinking back to the scene. It wasn’t really considered naked, because he still wore his underwear. But besides that, he was pretty much nude in the fight.

ThornyRose also thought so. They would know for sure when they saw Shaking Bear’s exam tomorrow. Ye Cang yawned and brought his group away.

ThornyRose gave Lin Le’s Giant Blade Warrior a try. She discovered that it was a lot easier to use, however, though the speed was fast, she wasn’t used to using this sort of enormous weapon. The method to exert strength was different. How did Lele learn it? He could even use the sword single handedly while performing simple grappler moves with his other hand. Though it might be much easier to use now, the original Giant Blade Warrior was extremely difficult.

That night’s competition.

There were tens of times more spectators at the Thorns and Roses match then last time. Everyone was curious what the new SS rank Giant Blade Warrior would be like. How did he change under that Mad Devil Le’s influence? ThornyRose refused the interview. Today’s match was very important. If they won, they would directly enter the top 16!

“ThornyRose, long time no see. An SS rank Giant Blade Warrior, haha, I’m really looking forwards to it...” Heavenly Oath’s leader BlackForestMoon said courteously while sizing up these so called Really New Village’s Three Brothers.

“Please advise...” ThornyRose didn’t say much. She looked at the cultured and refined BlackForestMoon, knowing he wasn’t a good person.

“What advice, let’s just put on a good show...” BlackForestMoon said lightly.

“Of course...” ThornyRose replied curtly. The two of them didn’t even shake hands before turning away with a sneer.

“In today’s match, we must treat it as if we were up against one of the four great guilds. Really New Village’s Three Brothers might be new, but they aren’t famous for no reason. You’ve all seen their competition videos. We’ll give up on the duels. BlackPhoenix, GatherSand, Akai, you three will go up. You just have to lose...” BlackForestMoon said seriously. He knew he couldn’t win the duels. As an arcanist himself, he wasn’t strong in duels. Although they had chosen to give up, they still had to appease the crowd.

ThornyRose looked at BlackForstmoon’s smile, which made her unhappy. *What is that guy plotting?* “The first round...”

Before she could even finish, Lin Le was already on stage. He wore his suspenders outfit, looking relaxed with his over 4 meter long blade. Everyone present froze. *This is the SS rank Giant Blade Warrior? All the armor is gone? The only improvement is that bigger weapon, and he’s actually wearing suspenders and a t-shirt. !@#$, the monstrous Giant Blade Warrior has turned into this kind of existence.*

ThornyRose was trembling. *This Lele… Just once, can you please listen!* Then she sighed deeply. He was now an arrogant SS rank like SpyingBlade. All that was left was to be officially approved.

“This Giant Blade Warrior feels… somewhat different...” Zuo Yiyi said awkwardly. 

“Somewhat different!? It’s a huge change! First of all, the armor! It’s all gone! All his clothes are attributeless vanity items. That sword is a whole size bigger. I’m guessing he’s leaning towards extreme offence...” Brother Zhao said almost losing his voice.

“Old Zhao is right. It is an SS rank character, don’t judge it by it’s cover. No SS rank character is easy to deal with, let alone one that he personally promoted. Just that by itself is proof enough that he has Heavenly King level potential. He shouldn’t be lacking much compared to SpyingBlade. Let’s see this new SS rank character’s performance.” Brother Zhong said, taking out a rubber band to tie up his crazy golden hair. He was excited. It wasn’t often one got to see the birth of a new SS rank character.

“The first to go up on Heavenly Oath’s side is GatherSand, a powerful swordsman type athlete. Let’s see how he will attack against this unknown character...” Brother Zhong continued to explain.

Lin Le lazily looked over and dodged a three strike combo. He caught GatherSand with one hand, then struck his chin with his knee. It was followed by an uppercut, sending him flying, then a slash, cutting him into two.

ThornyRose frowned. GatherSand’s strength should be more than just this. He should be able to hold on for at least 10 moves. Against herself, he could keep her busy for a hundred moves, not letting her get away. He was a well balanced and outstanding player that should have been part of Thorns and Roses. It was all the fault of that previous president. On draft day, the previous president lost money playing the lottery, so was in a bad mood and didn’t even participate. ThornyRose felt a bit suspicious, but given Lele’s explosive strength, perhaps she was overthinking things. If she herself was to make a mistake while fighting Lele, she would probably die in 2 if not 1 slash.

Everyone present was making a commotion. BlackForestMoon smiled bitterly. How was this still a Giant Blade Warrior. His speed was comparable to an S rank assassin. Was this the reason for not wearing armor?
