---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 361"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 0361: Team Battle Defeat**

“Isn’t that too strong...” The spectators all sighed. The damage of a heavy weapon expert with the speed of an assassin.

BlackForestMoon motioned for BlackPhoenix to go up, but the battle lasted only a single slash. The final Akai was already retreating the moment he entered the stage, making Lin Le very satisfied. *Haha! Lele is the strongest! Haha!*

Next up was the team battle. Ye Cang said that he was the ace so someone else should get a chance to go. He looked at DyedLily and the other girls, who all glared back at him. *F\*ck! You’re the newcomer here!*

“I’m busy texting...” SpyingBlade also announced his non-participation.

ThornyRose sighed. These men were all so hard to order around. All of them were show-offs. She let Zhang ZhengXiong be the 6th. The main team was herself, FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, Lin Le, and Ye Tian.

Lin Le began to show off the moment they entered the stage. He charged straight on while shouting, “Kill!!”

“Lele!” ThornyRose roared. She watched as Lin Le directly activated his Limit Break Ultimate, and charged at full speed, leaving behind after-images. She began to have a bad premonition. Little Ye Tian blinked. “Nothing we can do. Once Lele gets hot-headed, no one but father can stop him...”

BlackForestMoon hid behind a boulder and smiled coldly. He made some hand signs and faced the incoming Lin Le. With the point of a finger, he activated his Limit Break Ultimate - Arcane Seal - Banishing Cross - Divide! Lin Le was locked in the air by a pentagram. Under his feet was a cross, holding him immobile. The effects of Lin Le’s Walking Catastrophe disappeared. The surrounding four people immediately leapt out, killing Lin Le in a flash. ThornyRose frowned. Although the Giant Blade Warrior had obtained a speed and power buff, but his physical and magical resistances were practically non-existent. It wasn’t like before where he was able to charge into the thick of battle and survive even when immobilized. Although the old Giant Blade Warrior was just a slow moving target, but he was one of the few characters that could tank even without a shield. The current Giant Blade Warrior still had plenty of health, but he couldn’t survive getting immobilized. The SS ranked Giant Blade Warrior’s ultimate was a qi protection like skill that could completely absorb attacks and turn it into a protective barrier, however, Lele was too reckless and didn’t activate it in time. The fight would be hard now unless they could bring Zhang ZhengXiong into the fight. The first round duels were just to test the waters. She facepalmed. Lele really made her flip between happiness and anger. He was Thorns and Roses’s first SS rank, bringing them a lot of glory, but his very first death was so dumb.

“Hehe. As expected of Brother Mad Devil Le, I can’t understand him at all...” Brother Zhao broke out in cold sweat as he watched the suspenders wearing Giant Blade Warrior die a tragic death.

“......” The spectators were all speechless.

“Too evil! They actually dare sneak attack our Brother Mad Devil Le! Simply shameless!” The Three Brother’s Fanclub began to hurl abuses.

“Hellooo, this was clearly not anyone’s fault. It’s just...”

“Brothers get him! He’s a dog of Heavenly Oath!”

In the end, despite ThornyRose’s counterattack, she was unable to fight 4 vs 5 against opponents that were no weaker than herself, let alone with BlackForestMoon bombing the map. They were unable to summon Zhang ZhengXiong to reverse the match, and died.

“You suck, you actually drag Lele down. Hah...” Lin Le crossed his arms, and sighed in disappointment. This was the first thing ThornyRose and the others heard when they returned to the lounge.

“It couldn’t be helped, you didn’t have your ace...” Ye Cang shrugged.

“Father, I already did my best. It’s all...” Little Ye Tian was about to say Lin Le, but saw his evil smile and quickly pointed to ElegantFragrance, “It’s all their fault.”

“F\*cking hell! You, you...” ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang’s group and SpyingBlade, unable to find the right words. Her chest heaved violently, especially when she looked at Lin Le and Little Tian.

“If you bully me, then I’ll tell big sister<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>. She said that no matter if we’re right or wrong, as long as you bully me and Little Tian, we can tell on you...” Lin Le said, looking aggrieved. Little Ye Tian had already taken out her communicator.

ThornyRose wanted to hit them with a car. She roared in her heart, *just kill me, kill me! What kind of club leader am I!? He’s actually threatening me with my own mother! Worst of all, I can’t do anything about it!* She forced herself to squeeze out a smile. “Lele, remember to listen to orders next time...”

“Mm, Lele is the most obedient.” Lin Le nodded, looking innocent. ElegantFragrance looked at Lin Le’s inner evil and blushed.

In another place, in front of a hologram, Song Xin was watching the competition. She smiled seeing that Lele had become a celebrity. Seeing him so happy warmed her heart. *Hah, it has been a while since I’ve seen him. Ever since I became enemies with the Sun family, I’ve been extremely busy. I have to travel the world for business all year round. Even my family clan is not on my side. They stopped providing me funds, but that isn’t enough to stop me. Compared to money, Lele is more important. He used his little life to support me, so I also want to pay him back for that one month of time underground.*

Song Xin leaned against a pillow on her private plane, and began to recall that time that had thoroughly changed her life.

Song Xin was the first daughter of the Song family, a famous young lady in china. Her personality was competitive and independent, but for the family’s benefit, she still agreed to marry the Sun family’s Sun Shao. The first time they met, she had been moved by his easy-going, modest, and gentle display, which was unlike those other rich young masters. They got along well for a few months, until finally, a wedding day was decided. That month, before their wedding, they went to XingYun. The orphanage that Song Xin supported was having a charity event. She went with Sun Shao to receive the orphans thank yous. That was when Song Xin first met Lin Le, the child that was bullied yet never hit back and never cried.

When Song Xin thought till there, tears glistened in her eyes. She had watched as Lin Le crawled up after being bullied. He took a crayon drawing that was, truth be told, even worse than a primary schooler’s. He walked over, handed it to her with a very innocent smile despite his dirt covered face, and said, “Thank you for what you’ve done for everyone, you’re Lele’s hero...”

Song Xin had accepted the picture and thanked him with a nod. She decided to get more support for this child. She looked at the child that seemed to have a somewhat defective mind, “Thank you, Lele. What’s your full name?”

“I’m Lin Le. Lin meaning forest, Le meaning happy...” Lin Le made a big smile with his dirty face.

Song Xin felt like she was talking to a primary schooler, and couldn’t help smiling. She took out her handkerchief and helped Lin Le clean his face, then turned to go upstairs.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: The big sister her refers to ThornyRose's mother.
