---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 364"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 364: Surprise Attack Behind the Tower**

“Lele, it’s me that isn’t worthy of you. All I can give you is a loaf of bread, while you’ve given me a safe harbour, one that will never storm...” Song Xin took out the crayon drawing that she always carried with her. Her eyes became gentle. Even though the drawing was wrinkled, and ripped in places, but she still kept it framed in her wallet. Wherever she went, she would bring this drawing of a crooked sun and moon with her.

The tournament grounds.

ThornyRose sighed. She was at her wits end trying to deal with these guys. She began to draw up a plan for hero mode. With a powerful arcanist like BlackForestMoon, a sniper like ElegantFragrance was a must. The Blade Demoness’s dueling ability was strong enough to match an SS rank character, but she didn’t know how it would do in a team fight. The other team had 2 SS rank characters. Besides BlackForestMoon, there was also the 6th member, Astrologer - BrilliantZhuge. Although he was the 6th, he was in fact the team’s vice-leader. He normally didn’t participate in battles, so was still fairly unknown. When he does come out though, together with BlackForestMoon, they would be very problematic. An Arcanist and Astrologer.

ThornyRose put together the most powerful lineup. Ye Cang / SpyingBlade, Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong, ElegantFragrance, FrozenBlood / SpyingBlade, and herself. She gave up on the support position, as it seemed meaningless against Heavenly Oath. Their spellcasters’ burst capabilities were just too strong. As for SpyingBlade, he didn’t seem very enthusiastic. It was true that they shouldn’t have to go all out before even reaching the top 16.

“Lele, top...” Lin Le said with his chin raised as he advanced towards the top.

“Then I’ll be mid again.” Zhang ZhengXiong went down the middle lane.

“There’s no helping it. I’ll take bottom...” Ye Cang sighed, and was about to head to the bottom lane, when ThornyRose pulled him back. “Go away, you go gank in the jungle. If I’m not wrong, middle should be the arcanist astrologer combo. ElegantFragrance, go middle and see if you can hold on. I don’t expect you to suppress them, but at least maintain a draw so that Lin Le has a chance to win...”

“As the ace, victory should depend on me...” Ye Cang said indifferently.

“Go go, hurry up. Get in that jungle...” ThornyRose brought her golden partner Frozenblood to the bottom lane.

Ye Cang saw that all the lanes had been filled up and sighed. He could only stroll into the jungle.

On Heavenly Oath’s side, BlackForestMoon looked at the low-profiled man listening to music by the river - BrilliantZhuge. Then he turned and looked at everyone. “Although the other side definitely knows about our arcanist astrologer combo, we can only follow through with it. In one on one battles, they are really too strong, putting them amongst the top of the federation. Every one of Really New Village’s Three Brothers have the capabilities to take on an SS rank. SpyingBlade doesn’t even need to be explained, even MistyVeil of the four heavenly kings was killed by him. Everyone has to play defensively until we safely make it to mid-game. Definitely don’t fight them early game...”

“I know.” Everyone replied.

“It seems like Heavenly Oath intends to play defensively and wait for an opportunity for their arcanist astrologer combo to shine. It fits their mature and steady style. Against different enemies, they will always adopt the most dependable strategy, then play as steadily as possible...” Brother Zhao looked at the Heavenly Oath members’ attitude said.

“That’s why Heavenly Oath’s performance is always not bad...” Brother Zhong said. It was a pity that with all their stability and resourcefulness, they were lacking something important. The attitude of a king. In the end, they could only be high ranking officials and not monarchs. When confronting the four great guilds, they didn’t stand a chance. Strategy wise, they weren’t a match for MistyVeil. They weren’t as valiant as Mad War. They weren’t as balanced as the Freedom Alliance. As for Flame Dragon Union, they couldn’t even be compared...

“In the middle lane is BlackForestMoon and BrilliantZhuge, a double spellcaster combo. They are up against Brother Diamond and ElegantFragrance, who should barely be able to hold on, but it will be tough. Brother Diamond is a melee character. Against a double spellcaster combo in the early game, I fear he would have been in quite a bit of trouble without ElegantFragrance...” Zuo Yiyi looked at the approaching soldiers and said.

Zhang ZhengXiong was also sullen. He couldn’t catch them. The moment he tried to approach, they would retreat, and they were firmly suppressing him with their range. Without ElegantFragrance’s shooting, he would probably have a lot of trouble even getting any souls. *F\*ck, wait till my bro gets here. Then we’ll thrash you homos.*

Ye Cang looked a the earth goblins who were dancing in front of a bonfire and muttered, “Although there is no grievance between us, but as the ace, I need souls and experience...” As if he couldn’t bear looking, he turned his head away. “Goodbye...”

“......” The spectators all broke out in cold sweat. Was there a need to get so emotional over killing a few jungle creeps.

Upon reaching level 2, Ye Cang checked the situation in the lanes. They were all still level 1, but they would probably level up by the time he went over. He used the souls that he didn’t spend at the beginning and the souls from the goblins and wolves he had killed to upgrade his weapon. Then he began to run quickly yet silently to the other side’s jungle.

ThornyRose had reached level 2. The soldiers had been pushed up to the tower. FrozenBlood let her have all the souls, which ThornyRose used to upgrade her armor. She did not fear the attacks of the opposing archer, since taking on archers was one of her specialities. In fact, with her there, many archers would have trouble getting the last hits.

“Want to rush them? They both only have half health...” FrozenBlood was beginning to feel restless in the bush.

“Let’s just play steadily. They clearly want to lure us under the tower. Even if we kill them, if either of us die, it wouldn’t be worth it...” ThornyRose said till there, then saw a hand make a signal from the bush behind the enemies. ThornyRose shouted quietly. “Frozenblood, prepare...”

“While we’re under the tower, they don’t dare attack us. But as expected of the Golden Duo, we’re being deprived of half the souls...” Akai sighed, then saw ThornyRose charge over. “They are rushing! Careful! Make sure they can’t leave!”

Beside him, BlackPhoenix was preparing to use a control skill when a chill ran up her back. A long saber pierced through her. Akai looked at the saber coming out of BlackPhoenix’s chest. *It’s him!*

Ye Cang suffered a few hits from the tower but managed to kill BlackPhoenix with a combo while she had her back to him. Suffering an arrow from Akai, he could no longer take another hit from the tower. While the beam of light was preparing to shoot at him, he quickly used Blade Edge Blink to appear at a friendly soldier, and then left the tower’s range in a few quick steps. ThornyRose took advantage of the time the tower wasted. Together with FrozenBlood, they killed Akai. ThornyRose took two hits from the tower before getting out of range.

“Akai, you two be more careful. You should pay more attention to your surroundings. I fear the enemy Blade Demoness is even better at ganking than FrozenBlood. This will be troublesome...” BlackForestMoon didn’t think that Ye Cang’s intuition for ganking would be so good. Without anyone noticing, he had made his way into their jungle and ganked from behind.

“In the future, let’s just send that guy into the jungle. We have too much competition over the lanes, while the Blade Demoness’s early game surprise attacks are too good to not use. Earlier, he could forcefully kill someone (half health) under the tower, and then escape with Blade Edge Blink. Even with an archer shooting at him, he was able to get away. Blade Edge Blink has a blocking effect, which lets him forcefully block one attack...” ThornyRose said, going back to farming souls.

“He can be either a solo lane or jungle. Team Leader’s killing ability in a solo lane is also first class...” FrozenBlood began to get chatty inside the bush. 
