---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 365"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 365: Assault

After getting a kill, Ye Cang once again upgraded his weapon, then began walking towards the middle lane. He hid in ambush behind a tree near some jungle monsters. The other team didn’t have vision here, otherwise, that guy would have long ran away. He lowered his body, waiting for the prey to approach, like a patient hunter.

HundredGain glanced vigilantly at the trees. He couldn’t see past them, but he figured that the Blade Demoness had just gotten a kill recently and should be heading back to heal. He wanted to quickly reach level 3. Behind the trees, Ye Cang had a hand on his long saber. While hidden, he activated Blade Edge Sprint. His level 3 weapon immediately pierced through both the gargoyle monsters and HundredGain. He began to combo, increasing his speed and decreasing his cooldown times.

“We’re going to lose this round. We can’t block those two ‘blades’...” BrilliantZhuge stated.

“There’s nothing we can do about it. ThornyRose really found some terrifying freaks. Let’s just do our best.” BlackForestMoon smiled and shrugged.

...

Lin Le roared. He dodged HundredGain’s surprise attack, then turned and avoided GatherSand’s longsword. He took the chance to break into a thomas flair. Supporting his weight on his arms, he performed a rotating kick, sending HundredGain flying back. His other foot aimed at GatherSand’s face but was blocked by a longsword. With his powerful strength, GatherSand was still sent sliding back a few meters. Flipping off the ground, Lin Le grabbed his sword and performed a Giant Heavy Strike. Compared to before, this heavy strike was now so fast that it looked like a blur. It was hard to imagine that this attack belongs to the Giant Blade Warrior instead of a nimble speed-type swordsman. After splitting HundredGain in two, without pause, he activated Giant Assault and smashed through the soldiers towards the stiff GatherSand. The strike caused a stun, during which a cold light flashed, and blood sprayed as he was cut in half. It was an extremely gory scene.

“!@#$. The Blade Demoness and its death through a thousand cuts, and now we have the Giant Blade Warrior with its one hit one kill. I feel like I’m watching Angelite’s dodge or die style.”

“Umm, Angelite is still much stronger. Under his warhammer, even heavenly kings will be reduced to paste...”

“However, I feel like Brother Mad Devil Le has the potential to become a god of heavy weapons. Perhaps one that is no weaker than Angelite. However, he will be one that is completely different from Angelite.”

“Eh, from what we see now, although it’s possible, but aren’t you overthinking things...”

“In the past, when the Chrysanthemum Emperor first appeared, wasn’t he also mocked? But he used his connections, strength, dignity, charm, and luck to successfully max out the game...”

“There’s no point in talking about that. The Chrysanthemum Emperor is an abnormality that made the whole world shudder… At 13 years old, he could become the strongest man on earth, both in reality and virtual. It’s rumored that he couldn’t keep still and brought the golden generation out of our solar system. Perhaps even now, he is still bursting people’s chrysanthemums...”

“It’s been hundreds of years. The Chrysanthemum Emperor should be dead. However, the Chrysanthemum Rod, it truly is terrifying. All of the five great college’s use it as heavy punishment, against both male and females...”

“I’ve suffered it before...”

“Why...”

“Peeking at the women’s public bath...”

“Wait, were you stabbed by a man or woman?”

“Woman...”

“Nice, it must have been good!”

“......”

…

Somewhere else.

“Haha, eldest brother! This is for always making me and junior sister pick herbs! And for talking crap in front of our master...”

“Then, Little Lin, master will be leaving first...”

“Master! Wait! This is for always listening to eldest brother! This is for always making me… uhh, let me think… It’s all your fault that I can’t remember!”

“Aaahh!! Aaah!”

The junior sister broke out in cold sweat as she watched the small youth take out a scepter and ravish their master and eldest brother. Those extremely mournful screams made her unable to watch. *Master, Eldest Brother, rest in peace...*

...

Once again back to the league.

Lin Le was already level 4. His weapon was upgraded to level 3. Since he had no armor to upgrade, besides his weapon, the other thing he could upgrade was his qi. With the rest of his souls, he had just enough to upgrade his qi to level 2. This increased his stats and gave him a new passive - Qi Blade (Extra damage).

“It seems like Heavenly Oath will lose this round. It’s only a matter of how badly they lose.” Brother Zhao sighed. ThornyRose’s siege ability was too powerful. The Three Brothers were all fearless, playing extremely aggressively.

“Only the middle lane has maintained a small advantage. On the top lane, Brother Mad Devil Le’s character is truly too wild. With the speed of an assassin and the strength of the Giant Blade Warrior, he is simply a beast. He even has the passive that gives him increased stats on kill. This character’s potential and abilities can now be used effectively in any mode and not just the league mode. Even the two special game modes for the Great Christmas War + Entertainment mode, this character can deal with almost any situation. Look there, he was hit by the tower, yet his health barely dropped. His qi barrier skill is an impressive defensive skill. His first death earlier must be because he was too excited and forgot to use it. If I’m not wrong, this skill should allow him to avoid a single negative effect...” Brother Zhong analyzed.

“Are you not going to go watch Flame Dragon Union’s match?” Zuo Yiyi knew that Flame Dragon Union was also having a match right now.

“There’s not much point. They are up against Night Flower, it will be a completely one-sided victory. It won’t be as interesting as here. I don’t know what it is, but when the Three Brothers come out to the field, something about them makes people want to watch. They make others look forwards to what strange things they will do next.” Brother Zhao said.

“Indeed, Night Flower’s strength is a bit below the average. Against Flame Dragon, it is practically just an exhibition match. There’s nothing to watch unless Flame Emperor decides to come out for whatever reason. Here, we have the Three Brothers always do many interesting things...” Brother Zhong nodded.

Lin Le carried his giant blade and strut through the river towards the middle lane. Zhang ZhengXiong was simmering with anger. He noticed Ye Cang ready to attack behind the tower, and Lin Le had also arrived in the middle lane. They didn’t bother being sneaky and directly charged to the tower with the three of them. Even Lin Le had some trouble withstanding the two spellcasters’ strong defensive powers, mainly because of that hateful tower...

“F\*ck, Lele, come beat up that tower. Me and bro will kill these two homos...” Zhang ZhengXiong said in a low voice. Lin Le nodded. “Ok Brother Lil’Xiong.”

ElegantFragnance frowned, it was too dangerous. The opponent was the arcanist astrologer combo, who had many battlefield control skills. The danger of attacking them under a tower was too great. She was about to stop them, but Lin Le directly brandished his giant blade and pushed the soldiers up to the tower. Zhang ZhengXiong circulated his key and followed. Ye Cang faintly frowned. The other team’s reinforcements were coming, there was no time to hesitate! He charged out with Blade Edge Sprint. BrilliantZhuge pointed with his staff. Ye Cang’s figure was forcefully stopped and launched backwards a few meters, as if he bounced off a wall. 

While Ye Cang was being launched backwards, he flipped in the air, and kicked off the ground with his silver boots, once again charging forwards. BlackForestMoon made a hand sign, causing three energy balls to float out. They was red, green, and blue. ElegantFragrance’s spell breaking arrow destroyed the most dangerous blue ball. “Lele, careful. The red ball is homing! The green ball is a paralytic poison!”
