---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 366"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 366: BrilliantZhuge’s Admiration

BlackForestMoon sent the red ball flying towards Lin Le, and the green ball towards Zhang ZhengXiong. Lin Le directly ducked to the floor and performed a roll to stand back up. Though simple and crude, it was effective in dodging the red ball. Zhang ZhengXiong had his two hands covered in qi. The corners of his lips raised into a smile, and the qi burst forth. “Ice Lotus!”

A lotus flower made of ice crystals blossomed, entangling and crushing the green ball. BlackForestMoon pointed, “Break - Elemental Collapse.”

The ice lotus collapsed, becoming gorgeous fluttering crystals of ice. Lin Le activated his qi barrier ability, blocking an attack from the tower, and obtained a qi barrier equal to the damage, allowing him to take another hit! He leapt towards the two. Zhang ZhengXiong also charged with fire in his right hand and ice in his left.

Ye Cang saw another flash of BrillantZhuge’s staff. *What is it now?* He saw some light appear under his feet, entangling him like vines. Ye Cang continued to run, but saw that the vines of light were about to snap. He had a bad premonition and suddenly stopped. He dug his sword into the ground and was barely able to stop in time.

“Father’s intuition is amazing. Once affected by this skill, you can’t move past 3 meters of it otherwise you will become paralysed and silenced for 5 seconds.” Little Ye Tian commented, observing from outside the field.

“Knowing about it is one thing, but to be able to stop within 3 meters while running at that speed, it isn’t something just anyone can do. At least, I wouldn’t be able to without help. I don’t have such a fast reaction...” Dyed Lily sighed.

Ye Cang saw that the light connected to his feet start to fade, and disappear. Then he continued to charge at full speed. BrilliantZhuge sighed. What kind of godly reflex was that? If he knew that Ye Cang did all this without even knowing the skill’s effect, there was no telling how he would react. “Celestial Magic - Barrier of Lights...”

Tens of lights weaved together, creating a net. It looked like the laser grids in those spy movies where if you touched them, you’d be shot to death by automated machine guns. The actual skill effect didn’t differ by much. Touching a light would cause a 1.5 second stun and 50 damage. It was praised as one of the best early game defensive skills, especially when under a tower, but in the next moment, the spectators were left gawking at Ye Cang’s cheat-like movements. He didn’t show any signs of slowing down, much less stopping. Even the best superspies couldn’t compare to the speed at which Ye Cang passed these lasers. He didn’t show the slightest hesitation, not even the tiniest change of mood when the laser-grid appeared. He simply leaned, leapt, spun, and stepped. All sorts of movements flowed smoothly, not at all slowing him down. In but an instant, he had passed through the net of lights. He came out the other side, running just as fast as he went in.

BrillantZhuge broke out in cold sweat. To be able to break through in such a way, perhaps only Flame Emperor and CloudDragon could do it.

Although everyone was amazed, they all recalled Ye Cang’s dance, so weren’t too surprised.

Zuo Yiyi even recorded those movements, planning to use them to train with and improve herself. To even be able to use those flowing movements in a battle was amazing.

“It has to be said that Brother Hero isn’t the eldest of the Three Brothers for nothing. Besides the fact that the other two respect him, calling him brother, but purely strength wise, he really lives up to his role as eldest. Any other athlete would have stopped when confronting the sudden appearance of this net of light. Perhaps an outstanding athlete would choose to pass through carefully, using their reflexes and their training, but just now, when it appeared in front of Brother Hero, it wasn’t even enough to make him blink...” Brother Zhao said pointing to Ye Cang’s face in the slow-motion playback. “To be able to pass through so many lights unobstructed, his visualizing and decision making ability must be the fastest amongst the three brothers...”

“Old Zhao, that’s just one possibility. Another is that he depended on his body’s instinct, just like how when someone sees something flying at them, they will unconsciously dodge. I believe his performance was closer to that. A combination of his top-class visualizing ability and his body’s acute instincts, coming together to become Brother Hero’s strength. This should be the athlete that BrilliantZhuge least wants to face...” Brother Zhong added.

“Even if that is so, this fight is still not looking good for Thorns and Roses...” Brother Zhao frowned.

Zhang ZhengXiong’s palm covered in flames slapped towards BlackForestMoon’s chin, but the hit didn’t feel quite right. It was a fake! His left hand sent cold air shooting to the lower right. BlackForestMoon was alarmed. *He can even react to this!? What kind of freaks are these!?* BlackForestMoon was hit in the chest by Zhang ZhengXiong’s ice palm, and became frozen, while Zhang ZhengXiong was paralyzed by BlackForestMoon’s shocking clone. Neither of them could move. Lin Le raised his giant blade. BrilliantZhuge reached out and stabbed with his black shortblade. ElegantFragrance quickly shot an arrow, which pierced through the air and knocked the shortblade away. BlackForestMoon was instantly slain by Lin Le. The moment the shortblade hit the ground, Ye Cang appeared in front of it, and with nothing blocking him, his long saber stabbed through BrilliantZhuge’s chest. Without pulling it back out, his two straight blades slashes out four times, and his hooked short blades slit at the throat. BrilliantZhuge could only smile bitterly. As a strategic character like himself, the moment an assassin got in close, he could only die. He had no ability to resist in melee, and his reflexes couldn’t keep up, let alone against a Blade Demoness that specialized in speed, even if it was hard to play...

Although the arcanist astrologer combo had died, but Lin Le was also unable to escape the towers attacks and perished. ElegantFragrance saw the number of souls Lin Le gave on death. It was equivalent to their enemy’s two deaths, and his on-kill stacks were cleared. Since he died to a tower, the souls from Lin Le’s death were distributed evenly between BlackForestMoon and BrilliantZhuge. Although they had won the fight, but the ones who had lost out overall were themselves. Luckily, Shaking Bear had escaped from the tower with only 5% health left. If he had also been killed, it would really have been a huge loss.

In the bottom lane, ThornyRose sighed. *Those three idiots, that was completely not worth it. All of Lele’s on-kill stacks have gone to waste, and he even gave them so many souls. Good thing we didn’t lose too much, it’s still acceptable.* She reprimanded them, “Play a bit more safely, especially Lele! Go back to your top lane and farm properly. We need to persist until late game! This is not a battle we can win in the early game. The arcanist astrologer combo has more than what you just saw...” 

Lin Le pouted. He used his souls to upgrade his qi, obtaining Qi Strengthening (Every time a skill is used, the next attack will receive +3 range and +25% damage), then returned to the top lane. GatherSand smiled bitterly and backed up. He looked at that giant blade held in Lin Le’s right hand while he last hit with his left hand using fists and chops. Lin Le pretty much didn’t need to use his weapon nor his skills. GatherSand smiled even more bitterly, there was no chance for him to do anything. If he fought one on one, he could only die. Even if he called HundredGain over, it was likely that they would just both died. He could only defend. Luckily, Lin Le had left the lane earlier and died, so had gotten enough souls to upgrade his weapon and armor.
