---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 367"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "TheReader"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 367: Earth Splitter

Lin Le and Ye Cang were the first to reach level 6. Lin Le got his first main move. Originally, he could only choose from Giant Beheader or Double-Cross, but now he had one more choice, Earth Splitter. He decisively chose this new skill.

Earth Splitter: Store power for 4 seconds, then consume all your rage and qi to create a fierce qi shockwave. Deals 250% damage, while the shockwave deals 200%. Will cause 3 second paralysis and stun. For every point of rage and qi consumed, the damage is increased by 1% to a maximum of 100%. Cooldown: 2 minutes 30 seconds.

Lin Le looked at GatherSand as well as HundredGain who had come to help. They stood under the tower, trying to get souls. He smiled mischievously then went into the tower-side bush. He had 75 rage and full qi. He began to store up power to unleash an Earth Splitter. GatherSand and HundredGain saw him enter the bush, and had a very bad feeling. Could it be someone had come to pincer attack them? They both gathered under the tower. Suddenly a fierce qi shockwave blasted out from Lin Le, and travelled for nearly 10 meters, passing by the tower.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has slain players GatherSand and HundredGain. Double kill...”

“This is the extra ultimate that the Giant Blade Warrior got when advancing to SS rank. Who would have thought that its might would be comparable to an 11th level move, it has covered a wide area and even has a long range. The only weak point is that long 4 seconds charge up time. With a 4 second warning, it would be easily dodged with a movement skill.” Brother Zhao commented.

“However, for a 6th level skill, it really lives up to it’s SS rank...” Brother Zhong smiled.

“The Giant Blade Warrior’s value increased by 10%! Compared to when I first bought it, it is already 73 times higher!” Zuo Yiyi said excitedly as she looked at the stock numbers on her tablet.

Back on the field, Lin Le’s qi shockwave killed 10 soldiers and two heroes. He once again upgraded his qi, and obtained Qi Protection (After using a skill, the next time damage is taken, it will be reduced by 30%. It will also automatically create a Qi Barrier worth 30% of damage absorbed, or 10% for area attacks.)

Lin Le quickly destroyed the first defence tower, showing off his top quality demolition capability thanks to the Giant Slayer passive. Without anything to do now, he once again swaggered into the jungle making a racket.

“Player PaleSnow, FrozenBlood, and HappyAndCheerful have slain the Titan Alligator. Thorns and Roses members obtain 150 souls and +10% damage.”

BlackForestMoon sighed.

“It’s useless to sigh. Against the new Giant Blade Warrior, we wouldn’t even be able to steal the kill...” BrilliantZhuge shook his head. “Have GatherSand and HundredGain farm up and also guard against them taking the python...”

Even after killing the boss, the middle lane was still well defended. It became even more secure after the two of them reached level 6. Zhang ZhengXiong began to feel the gap between an S rank and SS rank. Even though their strengths complemented each other, if he was able to get his hands on an SS rank character, he was confident he could have completely suppressed them to death. *Damn, after this, I’ll definitely promote to SS rank. This Fist Hero is trash. Not as strong as a spellcaster in mid-range, and not as strong as a straight up grappler in melee. What use is an elemental grappler. Although this half spellcaster half grappler style might be useful for others, but in this kind of tournament, it’s just trouble. In fact, that A rank character I used before is pretty good, it’s just the rank and stats are not high enough.* “Sister ElegantFragrance, can an A rank character advance to SS rank?”

“It’s possible, but you need to pass the S rank exam first. Mine was promoted from A rank this way...” ElegantFragrance nodded.

Zhang ZhengXiong rubbed his neck. “That’s good...”

ElegantFragrance raised her brows. *Could he mean to… do two exams in a row? !@#$, I have to hurry and go buy character stocks. It will definitely be the Street Fighter! Shaking Bear is strong. He can clearly use an elemental grappler this well, but he must think it doesn’t fit him.* ElegantFragrance also thought that it didn’t fit his brutal aura. She couldn’t help smiling bitterly. Others were having trouble obtaining S rank character, yet he wants to make an A rank into an SS rank.

Ye Cang’s surprise attack successfully killed BlackPhoenix and her partner, but now the battle had just about entered middle phase. Ye Cang was already level 12, and had his second main move - Blade Edge Devastation. Although it was only a passive, but it was the most important skill for him to perform the unlimited combo.

“Let’s group up. Everyone assemble.” The 11th level ThornyRose had already obtained her Angel’s Descent skill. Everyone looked at the 6 members of Heavenly Oath gathered in the middle lane. Lin Le shouted loudly, “Surrender! Lele promises not to kill captives!”

“......” The spectators and Heavenly Oath members all froze. *These words aren’t trustworthy at all coming from you...*

ThornyRose directly raised her shield and a light shone down from the sky onto her. Brilliant wings of light unfurled, and behind her was the image of an angel with a shield, protecting her. “I’ll tank! Everyone charge!”

Lin Le began to store up power for Earth Splitter right away. BlackForestMoon quickly performed 3 hand signs. “Break - Qi Collapse!”

Lin Le’s channeling was interrupted. He angrily charged with ThornyRose.

“Barrier of Lights - Ten Thousand!” Against the charging enemy team, BrilliantZhuge used one one of his main skills. Compared to the last Barrier of Lights, the one from his ultimate was much more concentrated and composed of hundreds of lasers instead of tens. Ye Cang faintly smiled, “Follow me!”

Ye Cang once against passed through it, not letting it slow him down at all. Everyone tried to copy and follow Ye Cang’s example. Besides Zhang ZhengXiong, only Lin Le was barely able to keep up. ThornyRose already had her ultimate activated so couldn’t waste time. “Illusion - Break!”

The lines of light were all cut apart by a sword of light. What greeted them next were tens of red, green, and blue balls. ElegantFragranced stepped up next. “Hundred Flowers Withering!”

Under the rain of elemental arrows, many balls were destroyed. The remains were within what they could handle. ThornyRose felt sick. As expected of the arcanist astrologer combo. ElegantFragrance suddenly divided into multiple afterimages, dodging Akai’s Eagle Eye Shot. The archery skill Eagle Eye Shot’s ambushing abilities were extremely famous.

“Don’t attack ThornyRose in her shield angel form! Focus on the three brothers and FrozenBlood! Akai, be careful!” BlackForestMoon shouted. Although he said that, the hardest to kill were the three brothers. If they were divided, it would be easier, but they were the most problematic when they were together. Their teamwork was extremely well coordinated.
