---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 368"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 368: Heavenly Oath’s Defeat**

“Limit Break Ultimate - Banishing Cross - Divide!” BlackForestMoon casted.

Brilliant Zhuge followed up, “Celestial Magic - Descend!”

A beam of starlight descended, attacking Ye Cang. Ye Cang looked at the incoming starlight, and smiled. He activated Blade Edge Blink and teleported in front of Lin Le’s slash. Blocking the heavy damage, he was launched towards GatherSand, and unleashed the counter attack!  Combo begin! Countless slashes were unleashed in a moment. Lin Le once again brandished his giant blade and slashed. Ye Cang easily let the attack slip past him, and GatherSand was cut in two.

The beam of starlight had yet to dissipate. Instead, it began to move towards Zhang ZhengXiong. ElegantFragrance was about to warn him but energy burst out of his two hands. “Qi - Elemental Mimicry - Wall of Ice!”

Rather than describe it as a wall, it would be more accurate to say that it was a reflective mirror. Brother Zhao began to applaud, “Brother Diamond’s command over qi and elemental energy is actually to the point that he can create such a delicate elemental mimicry! Creating a mirror, this is… to reflect it!”

Zhang ZhengXiong faintly adjusted the angle of the mirror. The starlight hit BlackPhoenix, which immediately silenced her. Ye Cang charged over with Blade Edge Sprint. His blades flashed, and he finished her by slitting her throat. FrozenBlood was also able to completely suppress HundredGain. BlackForestMoon sighed. *This is a perfect example of scholars against soldiers. Really New Village’s Three Brothers really are our natural enemies.*

“This will be our final attack. Celestial Magic - Starfall!” BrilliantZhuge waved his staff. Hundreds of stars began to twinkle in the sky. He began to chant.

“Alright, Arcane End!” BlackForestMoon made a handsign, then the twinkling stars immediately began to bombard the ground like lasers. Ye Cang charged towards the two of them. He easily advanced between the countless lasers. FrozenBlood and HundredGain died under the rain of light. Lin Le activated his Qi barrier. ThornyRose roared, and activated her shield angel’s ultimate - Angel Sanctum! Golden light protected ElegantFragrance. With Zhang ZhengXiong and herself protecting them, only a few lasers managed to get through, which was not enough to make a big difference.

BrilliantZhuge looked at the long saber stabbed into his chest, and sighed. Blood sprayed as he was consumed by the dance of blades. The last thing he saw was something blow past him like the wind, and then his view began to fall. Had he been beheaded? He could only smile bitterly as his consciousness faded. BlackForestMoon was now up against both Ye Cang and Lin Le in melee, so could only be powerlessly cut apart. Finally, the three didn’t disappoint the audience, and once again camped the spawn. Even ElegantFragrance joined them, being put in charge of sniping.

ThornyRose facepalmed. Together with FrozenBlood, she began to destroy the base.

“It was truly a marvelous battle. Although Heavenly Oath lost, it could only be blamed on their bad luck that they met these three brothers that don’t follow common sense, especially Brother Hero and his stunning actions. Next is entertainment mode… This should be Heavenly Oath’s strong point. If they manage to win these two points, then they will only be two points behind...” Brother Zhao smiled.

“Let’s see what it is...” Brother Zhong nodded. He turned and saw Zuo Yiyi staring at her tablet and frowning, so he whispered, “What?”

“Someone just bought 10 millions worth of stocks of one of Thorns and Roses’ second tier characters. I’m hesitating whether to buy it...” Zuo Yiyi said doubtfully.

“What character?” Brother Zhao asked curiously.

“Street Fighter.” Zuo Yiyi pointed to her tablet.

“Let me see, this is a 2nd tier character, considered pretty strong amongst A rank characters.” Brother Zhao browsed through the data and remarked.

“I bought 10 million worth of stocks...” Brother Zhong said, while the two were discussing.

The two of them frozen, then rushed to buy 10 million each. Brother Zhao saw Brother Zhong’s smile and suddenly understood. “It’s Brother Big Diamond. Although I don’t understand, but I have a general idea. I’ll buy another 5 million!”

“You actually know. If I’m not wrong, then this character is very likely to be upgraded...” Brother Zhong said seriously. As he spoke, he bought another 5 million. Zuo Yiyi gnashed her teeth and also bought another 5 million. Although she was one of China’s top stars, but last year, she had nearly lost everything by betting on the Flame Dragon Union. Looking at the virtual character stock market and the competition bets made her feel disillusioned and empty.

“Well, even if it doesn’t rise in price, it shouldn’t fall either. It just means we won’t earn much.” Brother Zhao shrugged calmly.

“Entertainment mode’s random game has been decided. It’s mental arithmetic. It seems Thorns and Roses is in trouble this time. BlackForestMoon and BrilliantZhuge are both experts in math, chess, music, art, calligraphy, and anything academic...” Brother Zhao shook his head. Everyone also sighed.

Zuo Yiyi actually began to laugh. “It’s hard to say...”

Zuo Yiyi’s words made Brother Zhong curious. She saw that Thorns and Roses sent the promising little support girl. It seems like she was Brother Hero’s little sister. NightSky? The contest was to calculate a 20 digit number multiplied with another 20 digit number. Heavenly Oath sent BrilliantZhuge. The moment the question came up, Little Ye Tian immediately wrote down the solution, then indifferently walked back to the lounge, leaving behind BrilliantZhuge, who was truly stunned for the first time. The spectators broke into an uproar.

Brother Zhao and Brother Zhong’s mouths hung wide open. *What kind of mental math was this?! She directly insta-killed BrilliantZhuge!*

“It’s said that her IQ is above 230...” Zuo Yiyi looked at the two and smiled stiffly.

“As expected of Brother Hero’s little sister...” The two of them muttered.

ThornyRose and the others were also smiling stiffly, feeling completely crushed by her IQ. FrozenBlood simply sighed, “Aunt really was right. It would be good if you were even half as smart as her. You see how she simply helped out a bit while she was bored, and it caused the company’s value to spike. As for you… Hah… Wastrel of a daughter...”

*Dammit! Will you die if you don’t insult me!? You’ve never once missed a chance to mess with me!* She looked at ElegantFragrance, who was directly sending the news to her mother. Her mother congratulated Little Ye Tian, then looked at her and sighed before ending the call. Her mind was in a mess. *Is that really my mother!? Am I really her daughter!?* Her chest heaved as she held back her anger. *Calm down, calm down.* She looked at Little Ye Tian. *If we leave all the calculation related things to her, it’s practically impossible to lose.*

Above Kangaroo Land, on a plane.

Song Xin saw that the massive amount she had spent buying Lin Le’s Giant Blade Warrior stocks, 70 million worth, had increased by nearly 80 times. This was equivalent to what she would make in 5 years. This had completely solved the company’s current predicament. It was always him helping her. She thought back to when she had investigated Lele’s parents. The strange thing was, she wasn’t able to find anything at all. It was like Lin Le had popped out of a rock. She faintly smiled. *Lele, I’ll definitely help you find your mom and dad, whether they are alive or dead. I want to see what kind of heartless people would leave you at an orphanage, even if that is what allowed me to meet you...*
