---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 370"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 370: Dark Crescent Slice

“But wasn’t the Slapping Taoist an SSS rank empty handed knight...” GreenDew asked doubtfully.

“This is the Slapping Taoist before he advanced to SSS rank. In other words, back when he fought the battle at Heavens Mountain, not when he was at his peak state during the leagues...” Little Ye Tian explained calmly.

ThornyRose smiled bitterly. *She even knows something like this. Truly a walking encyclopedia...*

Zhang ZhengXiong glared the leisurely Slapping Taoist - HeavenDestroyer. His robe flowed freely as he walked. Suddenly, just as Zhang ZhengXiong blinked, he disappeared. Feeling a chill behind him, Zhang ZhengXiong struck with his elbow. HeavenDestroyer blocked the elbow with one hand while his other slapped at Zhang ZhengXiong’s head. “I’ll f\*cking slap you to death!”

Zhang ZhengXiong’s other hand met the slap. While he was dissipating the strength of the blow, he pushed off with his elbow. The wind from the slap blew past his ear. His blocking hand felt extremely numb. This Taoist was strong! He quickly grabbed at the baggy sleeve and attempted a throw, but found himself falling weightlessly.

“It appeared! The Sleeve of Heaven and Earth!” FrozenCloud exclaimed.

HeavenDestroyer began to make a kame-hame-ha like pose, then his two palms blasted forwards while Zhang ZhengXiong was feeling weightless in midair. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly stomped off the ground, and used the resulting force to flip past the blow. While he was flipping, his knee struck out at HeavenDestroyer’s shoulder, but was stopped by a single hand like his elbow strike earlier. He couldn’t force through at all!

Zhang ZhengXiong’s flip was stopped, but still kept his momentum, which he used to punch towards HeavenDestroyer’s head.

“Empty Palm - Speed Burst!” The Slapping Taoist - HeavenDestroyer shouted. The hand on Zhang ZhengXiong’s knee exploded with a burst of qi, sending him flying. He then lower his stance and faced the airborne Zhang ZhengXiong. He stepped off the ground and shot forwards, his right palm was like a blade piercing through the wind, or like a bolt shot from a crossbow.

“It’s over...” ThornyRose saw that Shaking Bear was falling once again. If it was her, she would have long been dead. The most terrifying thing about Slapping Taoist wasn’t his skills, but his ability to knock-up enemies and his technique. His Sleave of Heaven and Earth was the most famous. Most people would be struck after being launched by his sleeve and then immediately slain.

Zhang ZhengXiong’s heart sank. This was not good! He activated a skill to give himself super armor! While in the air, he did his utmost to twist his body, avoiding being struck on his vitals. Thanks to super armor’s immunity to knockback, he grabbed the hand which had struck his right waist. Sudden Burst - One Inch Knee. He forcefully smashed HeavenDestroyer’s chest, making him momentarily pause! As they fell, he activated Drop - Backdrop Crush! Stun! Throw - Sun Shot! He threw HeavenDestroyer to the sky, then stomped off the ground flying after him. Ultimate - Meteor Piledriver! Like a shooting star, he forced HeavenDestroyer to spiral head first towards the ground. With a huge bang, a deep crater appeared. Zhang ZhengXiong roared, “Not yet! Ultimate - Dark Crescent Slice<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>!” The hand pressing down on the back of HeavenDestroyer’s head burst with an violent and chaotic qi, causing an explosion of purple flames to fill the crater.

“Player Zhang ZhengXiong has defeated the perfect imitation of HeavenDestroyer (SS rank), and has successfully promoted the Street Fighter to SS rank...”

Like last time, a ray of light shined down. Zhang ZhengXiong’s Street Fighter began to transform. The original fistwraps were replaced by metal, multi-functional, mechanical gauntlets which extended all the way above to his elbows. Steam and electricity faintly leaked out from the gaps. One couldn’t help but feel intimidated by those enormous metal fists. It wasn’t hard to imagine what would happen if those were to hit. 

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at this attributes. His strength rose to SS rank, constitution to S+, Speed to S. Both his resistance to knockback and defence were high. He was pretty satisfied with the results. His new Ultimate was Crescent Slash<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>, while his limit break ultimate was Extreme Overlord Fist (Make a fist and gather power for 3 seconds, then perform a punch with compressed electromagnetic power, dealing 300% damage (direct hits deal 350% damage). Causes stun, paralyses, and knockback. If a negative effect is successfully inflicted, can combo into a sure-hit throw).


Towards Zhang ZhengXiong’s advancement, she could only say that it was a perfect win from behind, just like Lin Le’s. However, there was no luck or anything involved in this win. To be able to avoid a mortal blow in that sort of situation, and even activate super armor so that he could take advantage of the opportunity to launch a quick assault, then combo him to death… One had to admit that Shaking Bear’s potential was terrifying. It had been a true competition of talent between grapplers...

The virtual world was once again in an uproar. Another one of the Three Brothers was promoted! This was too crazy! Were they lining up for the club’s exam slots?! It’s already 2 consecutive days. Brother Diamond actually used an A rank character and directly completed two exams in a row!

MistyVeil smiled bitterly. “Surely the next one will be the leader of the Three Brothers.”

The Street Fighter’s value immediately shot up. Zuo Yiyi was grinning from ear to ear as she split half of the profits with Little Ye Tian. Just half was enough for her. The other half was for paying her tuition fees and whatnot.

The ones shocked by this news weren’t limited to just china. Even the other great countries were all starting to pay attention. Thorns and Roses? A club that none of the tyrannical clubs had even heard of. Now, they were all placing it into the list of clubs to keep an eye on. To be able to produce 2 SS rank characters in 2 days, this was big news. This represented more than just a new SS rank character being created. SS rank character were a dime a dozen amongst the big clubs, but the trial of promoting an S rank character was something very few could overcome. Only those with Heavenly King level strengths were qualified.

“If that character was not controlled by a ‘perfect’ system imitation, but by the person himself, I would have been the one to lose. However, if I was using my current character, then I don’t fear him at all...” Zhang ZhengXiong said respectfully as he walked off the exam stage.

*The words of an evil-doer sure are different from those of a normal person.* ThornyRose and the others smiled stiffly. *The Slapping Taoist is a 5 time world champion and crusher of heavenly kings. My father can be considered his grandson-in-law, because his daughter married into the Qin family even though he fiercely opposed it… Hah, that’s how our branch-family came to be even though we are directly related to the main family.* She sighed and began to look at the SS rank character’s skills and stuff. It was as if it was made just for Shaking Bear. All the skills were grappling or throw related, making this character’s fighting style very wild and violent. She decided to let FrozenCloud used the now abandoned Fist Hero...

“Then tomorrow is my turn. I’m hungry, what are we eating today?” Ye Cang said indifferently.

“Brother Lil’White, let’s go eat ramen at Old Li’s place. I really want ramen...” Lin Le proposed. 

Ye Cang thought about it, then agreed with a smile, “Let’s go get ramen at Old Li’s. Yiyi, Fang, and SpyingBlade all haven’t had it before...”

“Speaking of which, why isn’t SpyingBlade here?” ThornyRose broke out of her daze and realised that she hadn’t seen SpyingBlade.

“He’s busy...” Ye Cang shrugged.

Seaside cottage.

SpyingBlade and Fang Ci were organizing the results of today’s meeting. Tonight, they would be following Cold Moon for some field training. Just the thought of it made them shiver, but according to Cold Moon, all they had to do was watch; they didn’t have to do a thing because their strength was not yet up to par.

SpyingBlade also learned from Fang Ci that soon, the two of them would be receiving ‘special training’ from Ye Cang, which made him sigh deeply.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="http://www.fightabase.com/moveMain.aspx?id=7523"> Dark Crescent Slice </a>


<a name="footnote2">2</a>: <a href="http://www.fightabase.com/moveMain.aspx?id=7511"> Crescent Slash </a>
