---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 373"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Brass"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 373: Flash of Life**

“It’s starting...” CloudDragon suddenly appeared. ThornyRose broke out in cold sweat. As her older cousin, he actually owned a share of Thorns and Roses, so he had the right to enter… It’s just that normally he wouldn’t bother to come.

“It’s you...” Zhang ZhengXiong looked at CloudDragon and faintly smiled, then turned back to look at Ye Cang and Makuramaru’s dancing blades.

Everyone watched as their blades interweaved, creating sparks everywhere. They were both dodging any attacks by a hair, so the tiniest mistake could cost them their lives.

“Makuramaru is going to activate his limit break ultimate...” CloudDragon raised his brows.

“His limit break ultimate...” ThornyRose began to frown. Makuramaru’s limit break ultimate was a secret art that instantly unleashed 7 slashes. Countless players had died to this skill.

Ye Cang’s expression became serious and he faintly frowned. The next attacks trajectory had 7 paths. He snorted, Blade Edge Blink! He directly appeared and locked hilts, not giving Makuramaru  chance to activate the skill… also, combo start! 

“Such fast reflexes. He actually managed to block the 7 strikes in such a way...” CloudDragon clapped.

“Victory will be decided in an instant...” Zhang ZhengXiong watched as the two of them once again separated after a fierce exchange. *That 7 in 1 slash is unavoidable, bro has to finish as soon as possible.*

Clang clang clang! While being assaulted by the seven slashes, Ye Cang instantly charged in and pierced Makuramaru’s chest with his long saber, while receiving four slashes with his body, but blocking the attacks going for his heart, throat, and head with his short blade. His right shoulder, and his lower body had been cut.

“Player PaleSnow has defeated player Makuramaru...”

ThornyRose felt deeply moved. Such a fast victory. From the start of the battle until now, it hadn’t even been a minute. Ye Cang’s victory could be considered hard fought.

“He had it all planned beforehand, giving up on his extremities, and only protecting his vitals, then staked everything in that one move. A good rival...” CloudDragon smiled.

“Humph, your rival is me...” Zhang ZhengXiong turned to him and sneered.

“You… are you qualified?” CloudDragon ask, his expression becoming cold.

“Just try and see...” Zhang ZhengXiong’s brutal aura broke out as he rubbed his neck, looking down on CloudDragon’s provocations.

They would explode into battle at any moment. ThornyRose quickly stepped out and stood between the two of them. “Ok ok, cousin, see you at the competition...”

FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, and the others all sighed. Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t lose to CloudDragon, at least in terms of aura. His brutal aura gave him this reliable feeling, which was something Thorns and Roses didn’t have before. The previous presidents were all similar to ThornyRose, well rounded, but not the best at anything. She didn’t have Zhang ZhengXiong’s grandeur that could attract the attention of a heavenly king level athlete. This was afterall a club of mostly women. Rather than fierceness, they were lovely.

“Promoted...” Little Ye Tian reminded the two who were glaring at each other.

The blades on the Blade Demoness’s shoulder, back and waist were all shattered, leaving behind only a long white sword with a spiral flower handguard. The blade was only as wide as a thumb, and was about 170 cm long. The original light armor was shattered, only leaving behind a light silver light armor with a black, sleeveless shirt inside. On his arm was a lightweight, silver protector, with black and green fingerless gloves. On his lower body was a pair of black pants. On top of that was a light leg guard and a metal belt. He wore a pair of silver boots. Even the original silver forehead protector had been shattered, letting his messy white hair flow freely.

Ye Cang reached out and sheathed his sword into a thin, white, decorative scabbard.

“Is that still the Blade Demoness...” ThornyRose broke out in cold sweat. The many weapons had turned into a single thin sword. She looked at the changes in stats. Strength S, Speed SSS+, Constitution A. She gasped. *An SSS+ speed!? This is the fastest fricken SS rank character ever! No! It can probably stand up even the fastest SSS rank character! Skill wise, it has been simplified a lot. Originally, it required constantly changing weapons to increase speed, but now it could be done with one weapon but with a reduced effect. The new ultimate is Thrust Flurry. His limit break ultimate is Instant - Flash of Life*

Instant - Flash of Life: Perform an incomparably fast dashing thrust or normal thrust against a target. If successful, directly kill the target (success on hitting throat, head, or heart). If unsuccessful, deal 250% damage, and cause 3 second paralysis. Cooldown: 2 minutes 30 seconds. If this skill succeeds in instantly killing a target, cooldown is refreshed.

ThornyRose gasped again. Such an OP instant kill skill, but it had to be used well. If it didn’t hit the right spots, the effects were only lackluster. The range was small, and it was a thrust so covered a small area. Also, this sort of instant kill skill didn’t work that well on tanks, so his role was obvious. To charge into the back to use his limit break ultimate to kill one. Then it will immediately refresh and he could use it again to kill another one.

Ye Cang walked out leisurely and looked at CloudDragon. He reached out and smiled indifferently. “Well if it isn’t Brother CloudDragon? Long time no see...”

“Congratulations. It was a brilliant attack...” CloudDragon clasped his hand.

“It was nothing, don’t tease me. As an ace, it’s expected...” Ye Cang waved it off, feigning modesty. He then tied up his messy white hair and put on a black coat, making him look very chic.

“......” CloudDragon was somewhat speechless. *This guy, ever since I first met him, has been shameless. But it’s true that he deserve the title of ace.* His lips rose into a smile. He glanced at the three, then turned to leave. “I’ll be waiting for you at the end. Don’t disappoint me...”

“Tch, poser...” Zhang ZhengXiong looked away and clicked his tongue.

“Yeah. So arrogant. Those are words Lele should be saying...” Lin Le crossed his arms and nodded.

Ye Cang simply smiled without a word. ThornyRose looked at the three of them and sighed. *As if these three guys have any right to call others posers.* She looked at Ye Cang’s Blade Demoness. This name was already completely unsuited for the character. She would have to pay big to have the union change it to a new name. “Your character, the club will pay for you to rename it. Do you have any opinion...”

“Whatever, something like peerless sword god or something...” Ye Cang shrugged, expressing his indifference.

*F\*ck! You call that whatever!? Can you be anymore arrogant!?* ThornyRose covered her forehead.

“Lele too. How about this. Brother Lil’White will be called Peerless Sword God 1. I’ll be Peerless Sword God 2. Brother Lil’Xiong will be Peerless Sword God 3. Then we’ll be the 3 Sword Gods...” Lin Le said excited.

“Good idea...” Zhang ZhengXiong nodded. ThornyRose’s chest tightened. *A grapple like you has nothing to do with swords!!*

“It’s really very good. Alright, it’s decided then...” Ye Cang thought for not even an instant and approved.

“Stand aside, stand aside. I’ll come up with the name. Just go do whatever you want...” ThornyRose impatiently chased them off. She really had no way to properly communicate with these three.
