---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 377"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 377: Gorgeous Combo**

Ye Cang’s figure disappeared from his spot, piercing towards ThunderShock. He arrived in a flash. ThunderShock was alarmed and quickly raised one of his axes, blocking Ye Cang’s thrust. Only by personally experiencing it could one understand just how fast he was! *Not good! I can’t let him lock me down, otherwise my health will be whittled away! Ultimate - Chaotic Whirlwind.*

Ye Cang pulled back his sword, and held it across his chest. He leaped back a few times, his steps as light as a dragonfly on water, easily dodging Thunder Shock’s tornado of axes blades and wind blades. He narrowed his eyes. Although he could use Flash of Life again, and he was confident he could hit, but if it were to fail again, he might die. It wasn’t worth the risk. He continued to retreat, step by step. With his superior speed, there was no danger of getting caught in this whirlwind.

ThunderShock roared. As if hearing the sound, the two axes shot out and the tornado flew extremely rapidly towards Ye Cang.

Ye Cang activated a speed buffing skill. Like a bolt of lightning, he bolted towards a pillar. Kicking off the pillar, he abruptly changed directions, avoiding the whirlwind and charging towards ThunderShock. Blade Edge Sprint!

ThunderShock gasped. What kind of speed was this!? He saw Ye Cang, who was still tens of meters away earlier, appear before him in a flash, stabbing towards his heart. *Dammit! Ultimate - Berserker Body!*

“Clang!” There was no feeling of stabbing through flesh. Instead, the feeling of striking metal travelled up his sword into his hand. He threw himself to the side, dodging an axe. Combo start! He raised his sword and slashed with a spin! After three strikes, he flash stepped while sheathing his sword, arriving at ThunderShock’s side, dealing another 2 strikes. He leaned, dodging a backhand axe swing. 5 combo trigger! One sword struck out 3 times! He stepped off the ground and performed another flash step while sheathing his sword, appearing at ThunderShock’s side again with another two rapid strikes. Continuous clanging of metal rang through the battlefield. The 5 and 10 combo effects both triggered at the same time! He sheathed his sword, then both man sword became a piercing light, appearing on ThunderShock’s other side. Dodging the sideways sweep with a spin, his triple strike appeared again! Then a flash step to his back! Along with the combo count, the sword’s speed also rose. All that could be seen now were the weaving afterimages of swords. Ye Cang appeared all over the place, using a flurry of flash steps. As the speed increased, he became more like a storm of swords. Sword thrusts rained down like raindrops, continuously triggering Flash Step, Triple Strike, and Piercing Displacement. Along with this rain of swords, Ye Cang appeared to cover the sky, fluttering around like a butterfly. ThunderShock couldn’t even lay a finger on him.

“This is too f\*\*king vicious!!” ThunderShock’s body strengthening skill ended, and his knee hit the ground, roaring at the unfairness of his death.

Watching that gorgeous unlimited combo, the audience could feel their blood boiling. They all began to call for the gamer alliance to quickly release the character card so that they could all try it out...

“Gorgeous yet subdued, truly a feast for the eyes. The audience is already calling for the gamers alliance to release the character card. I think the alliance will probably take advantage of this hype.” Zuo Yiyi was also startled by the Piercing Thorn’s combo. ThunderShock didn’t even touch him once...

“The three brothers are such a hot topic now. Ever since the world announcement back in Really New Village, and even now in the clubs they’ve been putting on a dazzling performances one after the other. The alliance is bound to make a move, it’s only a matter of how they’ll do it...” Brother Zhao took off his nightcap and rubbed his bald spot.

“As fast as lightning, attacks like a sudden storm, the new Piercing Thorn will definitely become a popular character. Thorns and Roses will probably use it for publicity too...” Brother Zhong said. 

Ye Cang sheathed his sword in a flash, then looked to the League of Tyrants with a sad expression, “Apologies, this is my fate as the ace. Hah...”

“So touching...” Lin Le played along with tears in his eyes. He reached out and wiped them.

“......” Everyone both off and on the field were speechless.

CloudDragon was amongst the speechless. Those guys had first rate strength, second rate intelligence, and as for their morality… it didn’t even deserve a rating...

“Really an interesting combination...” VastSea laughed loudly.

BlackIce was glaring at Lin Le. *I’ll repay this grudge 10 times over! You’ll see what it means to be the king of the league!*

YellowSprings just smiled and watched silently.

“The trash became a bug. Not bad, not bad, work a bit harder… Don’t let me be bored...” FlameEmperor leaned on a tiger pelt chair and stroked his chin, his face full of contempt. He turned and looked at the nearby VastSea and CloudDragon.

VastSea felt his gaze. Seeing that FlameEmperor was looking over, he smiled and nodded.

VastSea. The damage to the Flame Dragon Union from losing him was not small. VastSea’s departure had actually caused him to lose. It made him understand just how unstable the top was. All because of one idiot. Just like that, he had released a wolf. In that battle, he had lost to his own carelessness, and lost his reason to VastSea’s provocations. Mistakes piled onto mistakes, causing his strategy to fall apart. But he wouldn’t let them get so lucky again. He got up and left the field. 

VastSea thought back on his professional career. Although he wasn’t old at just past 30, he had begun his career early at just 16, two years before he was of age. He was a wanderer, having once joined many of the clubs, and obtaining the championship ring 5 times in total. Once with the Freedom Alliance, back in the times of NalanMaple. The next three were all with Flame Emperor, taking three wins in a row. The last was when he helped CloudDragon stop Flame Dragon Union’s fourth win, becoming the biggest traitor in the eyes of the Flame Dragon fans. His feelings for the Flame Dragon Union were pretty deep, but there was no other way. If they didn’t have that final disagreement, perhaps he wouldn’t have left...

“Don’t think too much. Losing you is Flame Dragon Union’s loss and Mad War’s fortune...” CloudDragon said, putting a hand on his shoulder.

VastSea hesitated, then cupped his fist. “This one offers his life for you, and will work like a dog! Your highness!”

“......” CloudDragon broke out into cold sweat. It would be even better if this guy didn’t break into these incomprehensible jokes.

On the competition field.

Ye Cang’s words made ThunderShock grind his teeth hatefully. *That shitty posing!* “F\*\*k, we have to kill him in the team battle!”

“Yeah! That white hair is too hateful! Boss...” StrongBlondy followed.

“Careful, there is still another danger that hasn’t been revealed. The new SS rank Street Fighter…” ClearMoon reminded.

“Big Shish Boss ish right...” A delinquent girl with braces said with a strange lisp.

“Mm, BracesGirl, StrongBlondy, FishSeller, get in there. I want that support dead. If Mad Devil Le joins, try to burst him down...” ThunderShock nodded and instructed.

ThornyRose was about to make the team, when Ye Cang stood out. “Let our Happy Firmaments team to get some fame! It’s time to show the results of our training!”

*Training? What training?* ThornyRose looked at FrozenCloud doubtfully. FrozenCloud avoided her gaze and kept her eyes on the floor, ashamed. ThornyRose wanted to say something, but Ye Cang had already brought Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ye Tian, and FrozenCloud onto the field. The sixth member was SpyingBlade, who was put in charge of looking over the data. 

“I have a bad feeling...” FrozenBlood looked at the backs of Ye Cang’s group and murmured. Then she took out a pack of spicy bars to snack on. “I got this from the virtual version of the world hundreds of years ago. The taste is pretty good… try it.”

ThornyRose could only sigh. Their team had a good composition for group battles, so she didn’t say anything. She took a spicy bar, and found that the taste was actually pretty good. She looked at the package and saw the words, ‘Artificial Flavors’. 
