---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 378"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 378: Entrance Pose**

Ye Cang stood perfectly straight, holding his sword in the middle, leaning on his scabbard like a cane. He stood there with both hands on the hilt. He faintly smiled at the League of Tyrants members across from them, his long coat billowing in the wind. Zhang ZhengXiong stood behind him and used his enormous gauntlets to put Little Ye Tian on his shoulder. Little Ye Tian raised her scepter up high. Lin Le stood on the left, with his giant blade resting on his left shoulder. FrozenCloud stood shamefully on the right, her bandaged arms crossed in an X and she revealed one of her beautiful white thighs to the right. This was the entrance pose that the five of them had been practicing.

The League of Tyrants was dumbstruck.

“Boss, they posed. Do we want to pose too...” The assist - FishSeller proposed.

ThunderShock replied by smacking the back of his head. “F\*\*k off. Just because they are delusional, doesn’t mean we need to be too! What century is this! Just because you don’t mind embarrassing yourself, doesn’t mean I f\*\*king don’t...”

“......” The rest of the were just staring at Ye Cang’s group of 5, stunned.

“The match is set. This is our victory pose...” Ye Cang said, making a thump with his sword.

ThornyRose facepalmed. So this was the cause of the bad feeling...

“So that’s it. Rose, let’s practice a pose too...” FrozenBlood joked lightly.

“Get lost...” ThornyRose said in a bad mood.

The spectators all began to talk.

“So shameful...”

“What do you understand, this is a victory ceremony. Ignorant...”

“Three Brother’s Fangroup, you keep thinking that...”

“But don’t you think Brother Hero looks so handsome...”

“The peak of posing...”

FrozenCloud sighed. It still wasn’t over. There were poses for when they killed an enemy or when they were killed, etc. All kinds of practiced combination poses. Sometimes, team leader made no sense...

“Haha, it’s been so long since we’ve seen anyone perform a group pose like this...” Brother Zhao laughed.

“Indeed. It’s starting. On Thorns and Roses’s side, neither ThornyRose nor FrozenBlood are participating. It’s a team fully comprised of the Happy Firmament members. Among them, playing the vacant Fist Hero, is FrozenCloud, a fairly well-rounded grappler player. Back in the draft competition, she was just someone with potential, but was too indecisive at times. She was very unskilled when compared to FrozenBlood...” Brother Zhong smiled. “This Happy Firmament team, is a physical damage heavy team with strong burst potential, very suited for arena fights. We can also see how the new Street Fighter performs. Start!”

Zhang ZhengXiong was the vanguard. He charged forwards like a tank, the steam shooting out off his gauntlets whistled like a train. Just seeing it would make one tremble. StrongBlondy threw his brick. Zhang ZhengXiong blasted it with an imposing fist, not slowing down in the slightest. ThunderShock frowned. Would they have to forcefully take on this fierce guy?

“Lil’Dino, you look after Little Tian. We’ll be right back...” Ye Cang said, then shot towards FishSeller. Lin Le was following behind Zhang ZhengXiong. FrozenCloud and Little Tian also followed, but kept a distance. FrozenCloud remained alert. ClearMoon was stealthed, and her target was likely Little Tian.

FishSeller tapped the ground with his staff, and the area turned into a swamp. Ye Cang’s speed wasn’t affected at all. Once one reached a certain speed, it didn’t matter whether one ran on hard or soft surfaces. Without hesitation, StrongBlondy tried to intercept with his sharp machete. Zhang ZhengXiong reached out and forcefully blocked him. Clang! He sneered at ThunderShock and StrongBlondy. “The two of you will be up against me...”

BracesGirl summoned an enormous steel robot. Lin Le leapt over, quickly and easily tearing it apart. BracesGirl faintly smiled, “Shteel bomb...”

The Steel Giant’s remains suddenly exploded. Metal shrapnel shot out like bullets. Lin Le activated his Qi Barrier, yet still took significant damage. He muttered, “Shameless! But! Lele can heal! Qi Recovery!!”

His protective Qi was retracted into his body, healing him. BracesGirl didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. The data never said he had a healing skill, and such a fast one...

Little Ye Tian was extra vigilant because of the assassin. She predicted her location. “Lil’Dino, left side. Use your Ultimate - Elemental Mimicry - Ice. Make it as wide as you can...”

FrozenCloud nodded. She activated her ultimate without hesitation. A storm of ice shot out from her fistwraps. ClearMoon was alarmed. *How did she know my position? That’s impossible. That girl didn’t even use any strange abilities like Brother Hero.* She was very clear on the Fist Hero’s skills! She instantly revealed herself and used shadow step, then leapt to the side to avoid being engulfed by the ice, then she once again disappeared. 

“My calculations were slow by 0.013 seconds, and ended up wasting an ultimate, but we managed to make her use up her Shadow Step...” Little Ye Tian frowned, while continuing to estimate ClearMoon’s location. ClearMoon felt stifled. No matter where she went, FrozenCloud would strike in her general direction with elemental attacks, as if she had some sort of eye power. She looked at Little Ye Tian. *Could it be this little girl?* She recalled the competition against BrilliantZhuge, that extremely astonishing calculation ability. *Is she calculating my location? Calculations are based on my normal actions, so I just have to change them.* She dashed for a distance, then suddenly began approaching at turtle speed.

Little Ye Tian knew that her calculation ability would definitely be revealed. She waved her scepter at the distant Ye Cang. “Rainbow Mirror Image...”

Ye Cang, who was passing through the swamp, immediately became 5 copies of himself that were hard to tell apart. The skill that FishSeller was preparing got interrupted since he lost his target. Which one was real? He tapped his staff on the ground, “Earth Escape...”

The 5 Ye Cang’s all pierced through a mound of earth with Blade Edge Sprint, then all turned their heads simultaneously.

Ye Cang sheathed his sword and closed his eyes. He faintly smiled, then suddenly opened them, activating his speed boost. Little Ye Tian ordered the other four illusions to disperse and attack in different directions. She then felt a chill down her back. *She’s here!* Without hesitation, she activated Rainbow Barrier, obtaining a few seconds of invulnerability. FrozenCloud quickly kicked. ClearMoon sighed. *Such a decisive little girl, she didn’t even hesitate in the slightest.*

“Rainbow Beam...” Little Ye Tian’s scepter flashed. Countless hallucinatory lights shined out. ClearMoon became absent minded. Sensing the danger, she disappeared into the shadows, making FrozenCloud’s kick hit nothing but air. Little Ye Tian suddenly turned and saw ClearMoon appear behind Zhang ZhengXiong. *Misdirection… humph humph, you should know, father never even went to chase FishSeller...*

Everytime BracesGirl summoned something, it would be torn apart by Lin Le, then it would explode, and Lin Le would take damage. He would then laugh madly as he healed with Qi Recovery. This continued repeating, as if he were acting rashly to prove his superiority. He had completely forgotten he was in a competition.

“Hey, Brother Le, stop playing around...” The spectators all thought as they broke out in cold sweat.

“This Lele… Hah...” ThornyRose smiled bitterly. *Just attack. You just have to hit her and she’ll die.*
