---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 379"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 379: Unscrupulous**

ClearMoon’s dagger hadn’t even stabbed into Zhang ZhengXiong’s back yet, when a silver flash stabbed through her heart from behind. Ye Cang appeared from out of Wind Walk. Flash of Life, success...

ClearMoon’s passive activated, deferring her death! She activated her limit break ultimate and became a shadow passing through Ye Cang’s body, dealing a large amount of damage to him. Ye Cang saw ClearMoon escaping, and rushed after her. Thrust Storm! In the spot she had disappeared, he let forth a rain of thrusts, ultimately killing her...

ThunderShock saw ClearMoon get killed by Ye Cang, then glowered at Zhang ZhengXiong. This kid was too damn annoying. He fought one against two and left them no way to escape. That metal gauntlet was not only strong, it’s speed and flexibility were both extremely good. *These three brothers… !@#% each is more annoying than the last. They’re tiring this old man to death. If I let my guard down even a bit, I’ll be killed.*

FishSeller sighed. He was a step too late and couldn’t save madam boss, however… *He’s entered my earth seal, and can no longer move.*

Ye Cang wanted to raise his foot, but noticed his feet were stuck to the ground. He looked at FishSeller. *Is it his skill? Hah, there are too many skills I don’t know about.* “A’Xiong, finish it...”

“Okay bro…” Zhang ZhengXiong grinned. He reached out and grabbed StrongBlondy’s machete with one hand, pulling him over. His other hand smashed at ThunderShock, knocking him back. Throw skill! Sun Shot! He suddenly tossed StrongBlondy into the air, then flash stepped to ThunderShock’s side and feigned an overlord fist. ThunderShock slashed down with his two axes. Zhang ZhengXiong moved as nimbly as a gymnast, ducking under the swinging axes with a thrilling dash. He suddenly leapt up with a Shoryuken, then circled around and... Meteor Piledriver! He shot into the air like a shooting star, then began falling downwards, towards the still airborne StrongBlondy, smashing them both into each other. They hit the ground with a loud boom, leaving behind a huge crater! Ultimate! Dark Crescent Slice! A ghostly flame blasted the inside of the crater, creating an especially beautiful yet deadly flower of flame.

StrongBlondy died, but ThunderShock was still alive. In midair, he had already activated Berserker Body, preventing a fatal wound. He felt himself getting picked up. *It’s still not over?*

Everyone watched as the tank like Zhang ZhengXiong charged out of the blue flames, dragging ThunderShock with him. He suddenly lifted ThunderShock into the air by his face. “Crescent Slash!”

His gauntlets began to rotate rapidly. Hot scarlet fire blasted out of the hand holding ThunderShock’s face, creating a flame as beautiful as fireworks.

“Player HeavenShakingMight, double kill...”

“Such powerful throws and strikes. This Brother Diamond is so terrifying now that he has a completely melee specialized character. Sure enough, that half-hearted grappler Fist Hero doesn’t really fit his berserk style...” Brother Zhao clapped and gasped in amazement. ThunderShock wasn’t someone weak, but he was actually combo to death together with GoldBlondy, and in with such a spectacular combination of moves.

Lin Le was also done playing. He forced BracesGirl to her knees with one fist, then raised his blade like an executioner and cut off her head. His smile was void of guilt, but his face was covered in blood. The spectators all had their hairs stand on end watching this scene. ThornyRose also felt a shiver. This Lele sometimes gave others a scare. He could innocently do some very terrifying things...

Finally, under Ye Cang’s command, FishSeller was spared. Once the seal was released, FishSeller watched as Ye Cang’s party walked towards him with good-willed smiles. His cold sweat was dripping to the ground. *Hey, are you not afraid of a technical foul!?*

FrozenCloud couldn’t help thinking, would this be the first technical foul of her career? When matched up with these bosses, she still felt like she was quite weak. Besides protecting Little Ye Tian, she did practically nothing. But on second thought, it was as expected. Team Leader’s three had some of the the strongest offense in the entire alliance, so it was fine for her to just be in charge of defence.

“Flatten him! He dares to seal this ace!” Ye Cang shouted as he sheathed his sword.

“You dare bully Brother Lil’White? You villain!” Lin Le raised his fist up high and roared.

Everyone surrounded him and unleashed a hail of punches and kicks. Even Little Ye Tian was there beating him with her scepter, the sight of which made all the neets shout out “Moe~” in their hearts.

“Little Tian, heal him...” Ye Cang said, calmly taking a step back.

Little Ye Tian slowly healed him up. They beat him for nearly half an hour, before the system forcibly sent FishSeller off the field. However, it actually didn’t give Ye Cang’s group a technical foul. Ye Cang once again signalled for a pose. The five of them arranged themselves by height, with Little Ye Tian in front, followed by Lin Le, Ye Cang, FrozenCloud, then Zhang ZhengXiong. The five of them then moved, starting with Little Ye Tian, making a thumbs down gesture to the side, towards the League of Tyrants.

“......” Everyone was speechless.

“That actually wasn’t a technical foul...” Zuo Yiyi broke out in cold sweat.

“It’s the top 16, let alone the fact that they are so popular right now. The chinese federation probably just turned a blind eye...” Brother Zhao smiled.

“I have a premonition that this will be one of their distinguishing features and allowed by the alliance...” Brother Zhong said, ashamed. “A good example would be the Chrysanthemum emperor. His every action could be called a technical foul, but no one dared blow the whistle, because they would have to pay the price if they did...”

“Oh! Our club’s moral index has fallen to Unscrupulous! We’re only a small step away from Evil.” ElegentFragrance laughed.

“After Evil, there is still Atrocious and Fiends. I don’t know if we’ll be able to...” FrozenBlood crossed her arms and said.

ThornyRose covered her forehead and laughed bitterly. *These guys...* She looked to FrozenBlood, “Your little sister has already been completely transformed. If this goes on, she’ll be assimilated...”

“It’s fine. Compared to you, my little sister is still fine, Team Leader’s fiancee...” FrozenBlood said with a comforting smile.

ThornyRose gnashed her teeth. *This damn b\*tch...*

League of Tyrants lounge.

“We were careless. That Brother Diamond’s throws are too troublesome. We were caught off guard because of the new character. It will be easier next time...” ClearMoon analyzed the battle.

“Yeah, next is Hero Mode. Everyone cheer up. Let’s make them regret it...” ThunderShock thought of how he was combo’d by Zhang ZhengXiong’s throws, and was in a bad mood. Even more than that though, he was apprehensive. As expected of someone who dared to challenge CloudDragon, he really was something. Those throws were not just because he was caught off guard. He would have to be extra careful next time.

“Boss, let’s also come up with a pose and intimidate them. They even have the gall to thumbs down at us, it’s such a disgrace...” FishSeller proposed again.

ThunderShock thought it over for a bit, then nodded. “FishSeller is right. Ok, we have to be imposing to snatch back our momentum. We only lost because we weren’t imposing enough. We can’t let them keep running rampant! Let’s pose!!”

“......” ClearMoon, StrongBlondy, and BracesGirl as well as the other minions all broke out in cold sweat. *Hey hey, didn’t you say it was delusional earlier?*
