---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 380"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 380: New Strategy

ThornyRose thought about the members for hero mode. After thinking it over, she decided on the same 6 members as last round. They needed to give Ye Cang and Shaking Bear time to get use to their new characters.

Ye Cang’s six came onto the field. Exchanging glances, they nodded and began to pose.

Ye Cang took the lead and drew his weapon, pointing to the other side. Everyone imitated him and roared together, “Your fate is determined, don’t struggle pointlessly! Surrender!”

ThunderShock put his hands on his hip. The others also imitated him and they roared back, “Surrender my ass! Come if you have the guts!”

“They’re actually copying us… so shameless...” Ye Cang froze, then said.

“Hmph, a bunch of people with middle school syndrome. Hah, so childish...” Lin Le looked across and shrugged.

“......” ThornyRose and the others all broke out in cold sweat. *You’re the least qualified to say that...*

“Boss, Mad Devil Le says we’re like middle schoolers...” StrongBlondy said.

Slap… ThunderShock slapped the back of his head. “Do I need you to f\*\*king repeat it!? Everyone give me 120%. We definitely have to kill Really New Village’s Three Dumbasses!”

“As team leader, I think it is only proper that I go in the middle lane. See you later...” Ye Cang fixed up his coat’s collar and headed down the middle lane.

“Lele, as vice-leader, will cover the top lane. Later...” Lin Le propped up his giant sword and jogged up the top lane.

“Also as a vice-leader, it would be shameful to not each take a lane. Don’t fight over the bottom lane with me...” Zhang ZhengXiong patted his chest and walked to the bottom lane with big strides, not turning back.

ThornyRose watched them each take a lane from the outside. *What do you expected SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud and Little Ye Tian to do? Are they all supposed to jungle!? Can you use your brain!*

SpyingBlade hesitated a moment, then looked to the two girls who were completely at a loss. “FrozenCloud, you tank the monsters. I’ll be in charge of damage. Little Tian, you heal. Let’s go fight the elite monsters, and circle around clockwise through the enemy jungle. We can kill everything in our path...”

“Mm ok, Brother SpyingBlade...” Little Ye Tian decisively put a point into her healing skill. All the lanes were secure anyways.

FrozenCloud smiled bitterly and picked elemental shield. “I’ll just follow...”

“Hey, you’re not here to play an RPG!! This is a damn competition!!” ThornyRose roared when she saw that SpyingBlade chose a damage dealing skill, Little Tian a healing skill, and FrozenCloud a defensive skill.

“What kind of strategy is this? I feel like I’m watching two completely different games… Are those people in the jungle playing an MMORPG...” Brother Zhao asked amazed.

“Haha, there is always something interesting with the Three Brothers around. Really fascinating...” Brother Zhong laughed.

“Is this alright?” Zuo Yiyi was doubtful. This sort of eccentric strategy was unheard of.

“God knows...” Both Zhao and Zhong shrugged.

Along with the soldiers coming out, ThunderShock was confused upon seeing only one person per lane. Where were the other three? He shouted, “ScarredLi! Careful! The other side has three in the jungle!!”

The Hidden Knife - ScarredLi was speechless. Did they want to hound him to death? Three people in the jungle, if he met them, he was screwed; let alone the fact that one of them was the Berserk Shadow...

Lin Le looked at his opponent in the top lane, ThunderShock. “Whoever you are! Come let Brother Le hit you!”

“I’m not a f\*\*king idiot. You think I’ll let you hit me just because you want to!? If you’re so awesome, come let I, your father, hit you with my axe.” ThunderShock immediately became angry.

“You scold me… bullingy Lele...” Lin Le said, feeling wronged, “I’m going to cut you into something, what was that saying again...”

“Cut you into a million pieces...” ThunderShock said, feeling helpless against the strength of the Giant Blade Warrior. He felt even worse when recalling that this used to be his club’s character.

“Yeah! Cut you into a million pieces. You better watch you back!” Lin Le made a very fiendish yet silly face. Countless otaku girls moaned at the site of it.

“......” ThunderShock sighed. He couldn’t get a grasp on this Mad Devil Le, but he was sort of like the Chrysanthemum emperor. They both looked foolish, but if you approached, only a tragic end awaited. They had a belly full of evil tricks. Separated by a few meters, the two of them began to harvest souls. He was constantly on guard against the glaring Lin Le, who didn’t take his eyes off him yet still managed to kick all the soldiers to death, securing the souls.

Ye Cang was in the middle lane, killing two soldiers with a single thrust. He looked at the vigilant BracesGirl across from him and said, “You with the braces, repeat after me. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers...”

BracesGirl gnashed her teeth. *This guy is too mean, he actually dares make fun of my speech!* She opened her mouth wide and yelled, “Pepper pepper pepper pepper pepper pepper...”

“......” Everyone was speechless. *If you can’t do it, then just don’t.*

ThornyRose couldn’t help smiling. “That guy really likes to tease people...”

FrozenBlood looked over at her with a meaningful smile. “Indeed. Tsk tsk, just like that first time we met...”

ThornyRose wanted to tear FrozenBlood’s face apart so much that her hands were trembling. That woman really had too much dirt on her. She couldn’t help but begin to recall that time, that arrow that violated her backdoor… *Damn, I almost forgot about it! My revenge! I must have it!*

“What happened the first time?” ElegantFragrance came over after smelling the scent of gossip.

“Oh right, you still don’t know...” FrozenBlood didn’t even get to say it before ThornyRose pounced over and covered her mouth, then said with a smile. “Nothing...”

In the jungle, FrozenCloud felt like she was just farming exp in an MMORPG. She held back the big gargoyle while SpyingBlade attacked it. Little Ye Tian was healing her. Their efficiency was pretty good. The experience continued pouring in.

In the bottom lane, Zhang ZhengXiong was having a great time fighting against ClearMoon and FishSeller using his giant gauntlets. Although he wasn’t winning, he was also not losing. Meanwhile, ClearMoon was concerned about his passive. In hero mode, every character had an innate passive. When the Street Fighter was an A rank, if she remembered correctly, its passive was that every 10% missing health, attack would be increased by 3%. Although it wasn’t that great, but it was an alright passive. Now that he was an SS rank, his passive...

Zhang ZhengXiong countered the two of them while collecting souls. His passive was pretty awesome. Every 1% missing health, he would gain 1% attack speed. Once it falls below 30%, it would trigger an effect - Overloard’s Body - which would increase his health regeneration and damage. The only downside was the slightly longer cooldown of 5 minutes.
