---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 381"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 381: Steel One’s Heart**

In the top lane, Lin Le attacked ThunderShock. Giant Assault! ThunderShock crossed his two axes in front of him, blocking the blow. The two level 2’s fought extremely fiercely.

ThunderShock was amazed at Lin Le’s control. Only after personally experiencing it can he understand how troublesome this Giant Blade Warrior was. His kicks and fists were all straight forwards and simple, but if one of them hit and caused a moment of stiffness or knockback, then that giant blade would follow. He had to be careful when dealing with it. Sidestepping Lin Le’s chop, he slashes over with his axe. Lin Le turned his shoulder and the giant blade blocked the axe. With another step, Lin Le launched a knee attack. ThunderShock dodged around it and hacked with both axes at Lin Le’s open back. Lin Le didn’t panic. He turned and performed a spinning kick, the giant blade on his shoulder happened to knock the axes aside as he spun. ThunderShock looked at the skateboard shoes that were just before his eyes, and quickly bent his neck. The revolving kick brushed past his nose. Lin Le continued to spin, and suddenly grabbed his giant blade taking advantage of the momentum to launch a heavy strike...

ThunderShock once again blocked with his two axes. The shock numbed his hands. His guard had nearly been broken through. What kind of monstrous strength was that? He was sent staggering back many steps.

“Damn turtle neck! You turtle!” Lin Le thought back to his kick that missed because of his strange neck movement.

“Bullsh\*t. I, your father, just have a flexible neck!” ThunderShock shouted.

“You’re a turtle neck! Along with your armor, you’re a turtle!” Lin Le propped his giant blade back on his shoulder and sneered.

“F\*\*k! You’re wearing overalls, and skateboard shoes yet you mock my armor!?” ThunderShock mocked.

“This is because Sister Rose made me. I’ll show you my true form...” Lin Le said gruffly, his eyes becoming sharp. ThunderShock gulped. Even the audience was becoming nervous. *True form?*

“What will it be?” Brother Zhao stroked his chin, full of curiosity.

Lin Le reached out and grabbed his clothes. ThornyRose facepalmed. *That true form...*

In a flash, Lin Le ripped off all his clothes. His whole body was covered in mosaics. He put a hand on his waist and laughed madly, then said in a manly and valiant voice, “Scare now? This is the Giant Blade Warrior’s original state!”

ThunderShock shuddered. *He stripped! He actually stripped… Have I fallen so far that I have to fight with this 9 year old and even let him get under my nerves?*

“Our club has broken through Unscrupulous and as entered the realm of Evil. Our new nickname is Crazy Mental Patients...” FrozenBlood said happily.

“Tsk tsk, that’s not something to celebrate...” ThornyRose said helplessly.

“Such a strong body. So cute. It’s simply the perfect combination of beast and kitten. Ah, it’s too much...” Countless young women were stunned silly looking at the naked Lin Le as the Giant Blade Warrior.

Although they were now being called crazy mental patients, Lin Le’s evaluation was not bad. In fact, it was good. He became the magnanimous man and stuff like that. The fans watching doubled. Even ThunderShock received a new nickname, The flexible necked boss, or turtle for short. ThornyRose and the others were dumbstruck. *F\*\*k! He just stripped and got another 2 million fans!?*

Lin Le saw ThunderShock’s shuddering, and raised his chin laughing proudly. “Hahaha, you’re scared now. Lele won’t bully you. I won’t fight you in my strongest form...” 

After he said that, he once again put on another pair of overalls, which was followed by the sighs of countless perverted women. 

ThunderShock no longer wanted to compete with Lin Le. *Your strongest form is in the nude...*

The scene returned to the middle lane.

“She sells sea shells on the seashore. How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. You have to say peter properly with your to tongue. If you say pepper, it means your not using your tongue enough. Make sure you stretch your tongue out properly. Learn it seriously and practice. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Again… girl with braces, if you don’t practice, you’ll become braces idiot.” Ye Cang rattled on. BracesGirl’s face was bright red with embarrassment. She accidently bit her tongue and he blood started to gather in her head making her lost her rationality. She raised her staff and charged. Suddenly there was a flash and Ye Cang stabbed her three times through the heart, getting first blood. He flicked the blood off his sword, and sheathed it very naturally. He looked up at the sky, and showed a lonely expression, “Sorry, braces. As an ace, I have to steel my heart. Next time, remember not to be so impulsive, ok?”

“Puck… you...” BracesGirl said, pointing at him as she collapsed.

“Hah, it’s f\*ck, not puck...” Ye Cang said, stabbing her two more times, then upgraded his weapon.

“So cheap...” The spectators were all stunned, but eventually they began to see it favorably.

“What’s wrong BracesGirl?” ClearMoon frowned.

“Brother Hero made her by say tongue-twisters, then she was enraged to death. Even after, Brother Hero was still correcting her pronunciation. Now she’s completely broken...” ScarredLi replied.

“......that scoundrel.” ClearMoon clenched her teeth and glared at Zhang ZhengXiong. Really New Village’s Three Brothers were just too cruel.

“Brother Hero’s personality has a few problems...” Brother Zhao said as he watched Ye Cang harvesting souls with a indifferent smile.

Zuo Yiyi could only agree in her heart. She was afraid that if she even so much as nodded, he might see it. What if her dance lessons turned into martial arts lessons...

CloudDragon didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. That guy would go so far to bully someone? Just how evil was he?

“Taunting ability - SS. Personality Evaluation - Vile, Two-Faced, Poser...” MistyVeil continued to perfect her data.

FrozenCloud had seen how Ye Cang had killed BracesGirl. She wiped the cold sweat on her forehead. *As expected of Team Leader.*

“Brother Hero is too cruel. If he keeps going like this...”

“You understand nothing! Brother Hero said so himself. Like the ancient soldiers had to do! Steel one’s heart! Anything to win!”

“It’s the so called steel one’s heart against all emotions. You commoners are really childish. Praise Brother Hero...”

“Ignoring everything else, he spoke those tongue-twisters so smoothly. I’ll give a like.”

“As expected of my Korean Federation’s Brother Hero, he can even get first blood using tongue-twisters...”

“To kill someone with words. You whiners are too shameless!”

“Hah, everytime I see all those top replies, I don’t even have the will to retort. Everyone go at it, I’m going to rest.” (Three Brothers Fanclub Support Team Leader)

“Don’t worry leader, we’ll hold the fort...”

ThornyRose only smiled bitterly. The club’s moral index was speeding down the path towards Atrocious and Fiends. Would it kill that bastard to not be an ass? If he wanted to pressure it, it was fine, but to lecture her after killing her. Not even just that, he had even attacked her corpse. Could he be any more vile?

Ye Cang saw that BracesGirl had calmed down and returned. He put on his good-willed smile and began to talk. “Shrewd Simon Short sewed shoes. Seventeen summers, speeding storms, spreading sunshine successively, saw Simon’s small, shabby shop, still standing staunch, saw Simon’s selfsame squeaking sign still swinging silently specifying: Simon Short, Smithfield’s sole surviving shoemaker. Shoes sewed soled super finely… (A really long tongue twister) ... So Sam sought sire Spriggs. Sire Spriggs said, ‘Sartin.’”

Ye Cang said the entire thing extremely rapidly and smoothly. BracesGirl was completely stunned. She pointed at Ye Cang, unable to say a word for a long time. I, I, I was stuck in her throat. Not only BracesGirl, but the entire place had become silent. Only after a long time did everyone release the breath they were holding. “BracesGirl’s death was not an injustice.”

---

TN: So I replaced the chinese tonguetwisters here with english ones because it wouldn't really make sense to translate it and still call it a tonguetwister. 

None of them were created by myself. The long one was copied from https://atkinsbookshelf.wordpress.com/2017/04/07/what-is-the-longest-tongue-twister/ for anyone who wants to have a look.

