---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 382"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 382: Beatdown**

“The League of Tyrants will have a hard time now. I calculate that those two kills will give him enough to upgrade his weapon twice….” Brother Zhao said dully.

“Yeah, any one of the three brothers is a powerful attackers. If any of them gets ahead in kills, it will become a headache...” Brother Zhong nodded.

Ye Cang quickly tore down the first tower. BracesGirl knew she had caused a disaster. She no longer came out from under the tower no matter how Ye Cang lectured her on pronunciation and life. The second tower’s damage was much higher than the first, so he didn’t dare to rush her. He looked at BracesGirl and sighed. “Braces, as a person, you should be more daring. Come out, show me your will to struggle for victory!”

“I won’t be dricked anymore...” BracesGirl hid behind the tower and gathered souls extremely carefully.

“It’s tricked, not dricked. In order to repay me for once again teaching you the proper pronunciation, come out. Don’t be like that...” Ye Cang said seriously.

“Brother hero is so low...” The spectators all sighed with sorrow. His ability to speak rubbish with a deadpan face was truly peerless.

Ye Cang sighed and began to walk towards the top lane. BracesGirl quickly reported it. In the top lane, ThunderShock quickly hid under the tower. Ye Cang came to Lin Le and said, “Middle lane is an idiot. You go get some kills too. Leave this place to me...”

“Okay Brother Lil’White!” Lin Le said overjoyed. He raised his Giant Blade, then began running over. 

“......” ThunderShock was speechless. He warned BracesGirl to be careful since they were switching places.

Lin Le came to the middle lane and saw BracesGirl hiding behind the tower. “Weird teeth person, come out and let Brother Le help you fix it!”

BracesGirl’s face was red with rage.

“Braces, braces, like a condom in your mouth. People laugh at my speaking because, because, I wear braces… Hey, Braces Braces...” Lin Le sang as he danced a taunting dance. BracesGirl lost her mind in rage. She rushed out from under the tower with her summoned creature, but was cut in half by Lin Le with one slash. Lin Le sighed, acting mature. “Kid, you’re still too naive...”

“Braces, come bottom. I’ll take middle...” ClearMoon said, circling around to the middle. BracesGirl nodded and swapped to the bottom. Really New Village’s Three Brothers were truly too cruel! She summoned a fire wolf and began to take on Zhang ZhengXiong with FishSeller’s help.

“Aunty, let the braces girl come back. She’s stupider. Lele just needs one more kill for a weapon upgrade… Or do you want to stick your head out and let Lele kill you. Please~~” Lin Le said, acting innocent and cute. 

“Aunty!?” ClearMoon gripped her daggers tightly. She took a deep breath, then said with a scary smile, “Let’s see if you can...”

“Aunty, aunty, so very old. Go home and rest. Careful not to sprain your waist. Hey, aunty, aunty, go home to your kid...” Lin Le thought for a bit then continued singing and dancing.

ClearMoon’s whole body was shuddering with rage as she disappeared into stealth. She saw Lin Le singing and dancing yet still collecting souls by chopping with his hand. *Keep dancing!* Then she shouted and performed a surprise attack, “Mad Dog Le! Die!!”

Lin Le laughed mischievously. Both his weapon and qi had been upgraded once. He struck at her with a heavy fist, but his true attack was a kick. ClearMoon flipped, dodging it. Seeing ScarredLi appear behind Lin Le, she sneered inwardly. *I’ll be sending you home...* Suddenly, she noticed an extra shadow behind her. *Oh no! It’s him!* She quickly turned around and used a backhand strike to knock the shadow’s - SpyingBlade’s - dagger aside. An afterimage copied his actions, and she had no choice but to deflect with her other hand. Another shadow appeared behind her. SpyingBlade had left a shadow clone behind as he teleported there. He stabbed with his sword. Both the after image and shadow clone copied him. Lin Le had already noticed ScarredLi. He had dived forwards avoiding the dagger that came for his heart. He rolled as he hit the ground and kicked like a donkey, knocking ScarredLi into the air. Kicking off the ground, he got up and performed a Heavy Strike. ScarredLi sneered, disappearing from the midair and appearing behind Lin Le again. Before he could compose himself, he discovered that the giant sword was still continuing to swing around in a full circle! *Impossible! How did he know I would appear behind him! Even if he knew, how did he change his move so quickly!* While he was thinking, he was cut into two.

“An athlete that is hard to sneak attack. To succeed, we would need to make him become arrogant and overconfident like in the battle against Heavenly Oath. At that time, his senses seemed to not be active...” MistyVeil said, tapping her fingers.

SpyingBlade was up against ClearMoon. SpyingBlade had the upper hand, while ClearMoon was thinking ‘as expected of an assassin that could go up against HeavenBlessed.’ She stuck closely to SpyingBlade. If she got too far, then that Giant Blade could attack with without fear of friendly fire! She didn’t even finish her thoughts before that Giant Blade covered in qi came and cut them both into a total of 4 pieces.

“Player HappyAndCheerful has slain ClearMoon, ScarredLi, as well as teammate SpyingBlade. Triple kill...”

“Yes! Lele got a triple kill...” Lin Le hummed a little tune and returned to top lane. “Brother Lil’White, I’ve completed my mission. It’s too bad SpyingBlade made me lose 100 souls...”

SpyingBlade revived in base and smiled bitterly. *This Lele… even if you didn’t help, I would have won. Whatever, I won’t argue with him. He’s just that kind of guy who doesn’t hesitate to kill his allies along with his enemy. If I had known, I would have saved my Shadow Dodge.*

ClearMoon saw that Ye Cang had returned to the middle lane, and frowned. She had already died twice to him. That lightning fast speed was too difficult...

“Hello lady...” Ye Cang said indifferently.

ClearMoon clenched her teeth. *After aunty it’s lady? How can there be such an annoying group!*

“Umm, in our two fights, I noticed you still have some things to improve on. An assassin should be patient, you are still a bit lacking...” Ye Cang began to enter teacher mode.

“Brother Hero is famous now. In the latest popularity polls, Brother Hero has risen to 5th. In the ‘Player I Least Want To Go Up Against poll, Brother Hero has rose to first, with Brother Mad Devil Le in second, surpassing both Flame Emperor and LordAsked. The listed reason is, they are too annoying...” Brother Zhao looked at the newest poll results with a smile.

“Indeed. They dare to do things like camping the spawn point and beating someone up for half an hour in an official competition. In this round, their victory is set. I reckon the other clubs will start training their athletes’ resistance to taunts. This battle was already going to be difficult for the League of Tyrants, but now, they fed two people they really shouldn’t have fed. Even ThunderShock and ClearMoon are powerless to overturn the situation. As for the three in the jungle, they are already fighting bosses. In this round, Really New Village’s Three Brothers each dominated a lane, while StrongBlondy and ScarredLi had their jungle invaded and were thoroughly suppressed...” Brother Zhong sighed.
