---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 384"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, openbookworm, ColdLove"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 384: Liu Family

Seaside cottage.

Ye Cang led Lin Le and the others back to the Qin family at the capital. On the train, 6 of them were playing board games. On Lin Le’s way back from the washroom, he ran into the blond haired sunglasses man. After freezing for a moment, he shouted, “Brother Lil’White! Brother Lil’White! This guy looks so familiar!”

Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong got up and walked over. Ye Cang instantly recognized him. “It’s that Ji Xiao guy. Come, come play with us. Last time, he even treated me to a meal at the Vermillion Bird District night market...”

“Alright. Since he’s treated Brother Lil’White to a meal, he’s a friend. Come sit with us~” Lin Le said friendlily.

Ji Xiao’s originally nervous and startled heart relaxed. He was afraid that these guys would gang up on him again. He was planning to refuse their invitation, but changed his mind thinking that he shouldn’t ruin their relationship, at least while they were on the train. He walked over and saw Really New Village’s Three Brothers and FrozenCloud, but who was that man by the window? He shook his head and greeted them one by one. Conveniently, he took over FrozenCloud’s spot to play with them. Speaking of FrozenCloud, when he used to visit the capital in the past, he had played with her a few times before. They could be said to have a bit of a friendship. Even though he said they played together, it was mostly him being bullied by her sister. He was naive and innocent back then. He used to think they were playing together, but thinking back, it was clearly bullying. When he sat down to play, his draws were fairly lucky, allowing him to play some big moves which provoked the others. “You should know, I’ve never once tasted defeat in this game...”

Ye Cang, Lin Le, and Zhang ZhengXiong’s mood began to worsen. As the game went on, Ji Xiao began to get more carried away. He flung out another big move and wagged his finger. “I win. Tch tch, you’re still too weak...”

FrozenCloud saw Ye Cang slightly nodded towards Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong. All three of them made ‘good-willed smiles’. She immediately broke out in cold sweat. That Ji Xiao guy was definitely screwed.

Ji Xiao saw those smiles that were just like last time, and he instantly turned, intending to run. But before he could, Zhang ZhengXiong’s big hand reached out and pressed down on his shoulder, forcing him back to his seat.

Capital, train station.

Since MistyVeil was strolling near the train station, she figured she might as well go and pick up that kid since she wasn’t busy anyways. She found him with a sign hanging off his neck which just happened to cover up the completely naked Ji Xiao. He was scowling miserably, the words ‘I shouldn’t show off. I shouldn’t play big moves and ruin the mood. Sorry...’ were written on it.

“......” MistyVeil quickly took off her jacket and threw it over him, then let him on her car.

“Him again?” MistyVeil was dumbfounded.

Ji Xiao indignantly explained the course of events. MistyVeil sighed, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. It was all a bunch of nonsense. She was just about to start the car when she saw Ye Cang’s eye-catching hair. He had come out from the other side. SpyingBlade was also somewhat dumbfounded at what just happened. To go so far just to mess with someone...

MistyVeil looked at SpyingBlade, her pupils faintly shrank. It’s him! DarkBlade, the one who had taught her the most bitter lesson. Losing to FlameEmperor or any of the Heavenly Kings was normal, but not that fight against Falling Star where she had been too arrogant and thus, underestimated that rookie. No one had paid any attention to him, but he had been able to assassinate her...

“FrozenCloud!” MistyVeil called out.

“Who’s FrozenCloud? Sounds sort of familiar.” Ye Cang looked around.

“It’s me!” FrozenCloud shouted grumpily.

“Oh, so it’s Lil’Dino...” Ye Cang replied seriously. Lin Le furrowed his brows. “Lil’Dino, when did you get that nickname...”

*Dammit! I was always FrozenCloud! Since the time I first introduced myself!! Lil’Dino is just the nickname you gave me because you thought I was a dinosaur! Hey! It can’t be that you all forgot Lil’Dino was a nickname!?* FrozenCloud thought to herself, extremely speechless.

“There’s a lot of room in the car. I’ll give you all a ride. Are you going to the Qin branch family? I happen to be going there to see Sister Zhen too...” MistyVeil smiled.

“Cousin, don’t let them in...” Ji Xiao quickly said from the back after putting on his pants. The moment he finished speaking, Ye Cang opened the door and sat on the driver’s side seat. Lin Le smiled, sitting on Ji Xiao’s left. Zhang ZhengXiong was on his right. SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, and Little Ye Tian sat in the third row.

Ji Xiao looked to his left and right, and saw the smiling duo. His heart shuddered. He did his best to smile back, “What a coincidence...”

Zhang ZhengXiong grinned and heavily patted his back. “It’s like they say, men make friends with their fists. From now on you’re my, Zhang ZhengXiong’s, friend! Haha...”

“Mm, Lele’s friend too...” Lin Le said slapping his chest.

Ji Xiao could feel his internals quivering… a painful wave passed through his chest and back. He was about to get mad, but Lin Le’s smile became more brilliant and cute. “You don’t want to have your butt hanging out the car, do you...”

Ji Xiao could only gulp. MistyVeil smiled, not at all anxious. *Mad Devil Le indeed...* She started up the engine, and drove quickly. From her mirror, she could see Ye Cang in his beach clothes. He looked thin and weak, but his strength was pretty good. Even DarkBlade was willing to join his Happy Firmaments group and pose with them. It probably also had something to do with how he got back together with Gongsun Qian.

“We’ll be stopping by the Liu house. I need to change. You guys can take a little break. Smiley needs to wash up too...” MistyVeil smiled.

Ye Cang nodded. They weren’t in a rush, there was still a long time before the night banquet.

Liu Family main courtyard.

Everyone was looking at the Chrysanthemum Emperor fountain. Lin Le wasn’t sure why, but it felt very familiar, making him feel happy. He bounced and skipped cheerfully, following beside Ye Cang. Ye Cang couldn’t help smiling. He pulled Lin Le and led him like a little brother. “Don’t run off Lele...”

MistyVeil brought them to a living room, then went to change clothes. Lin Le smiled, “This place is even bigger than Sister Rose’s place. It’s fancier too...”

“This is, afterall, the Liu family. Their main courtyard at that… This living room is only the private room that MistyVeil uses to receive guests...” FrozenCloud smiled bitterly. The Li, Qin, and Liu family were the three biggest families in the capital. Among them, Li was the biggest, Qin second, and Liu last. Even though Liu was ranked third, but their financial resources were in no way inferior to the other two.

“Little Tian, do we have enough money for a living room like this...” Ye Cang asked.

“It’s technically enough, but the decorations are another story. That drawing there was hand drawn by the Chrysanthemum Emperor with crayon, it’s priceless...” Little Ye Tian scanned the room and said.

Ye Cang left the room and went to the artificial lake just behind it. He saw an old man fishing there, so sighed and greeted him by cupping his fist. “Lord Liu...”

This was one of Old Qin’s acquaintances that he had met. One that had almost been sent flying by his fist.

The two of them looked at each other and blinked. Ye Cang turned and quickly walked away. “This young one will be taking his leave...”

“You can’t run!” Old Liu flew over and stopped Ye Cang. “Kid, last time, you and that Qin Zhong tricked this old man...”

“I had nothing to do with it. It was all Lord Qin’s idea. I was only… take this! Lightning Plasma!” Ye Cang acted innocent, and then suddenly struck out.
