---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 385"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "ColdLove"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 385: Stunning Beauty

In a split second, the lights shooting out of his fist exploded. Old Liu laughed heartily, his two hands seemed to make ripples in the air, slapping all the lights down. “Such a sinister brat. Good move!!”

Ye Cang charged over at lightning speed, performing a sneak attack. His whole body was covered in throbbing veins as he roared, “Rising Dragon...”

“I won’t bully you. I’ll only use 40% of my strength to play with you. Raging Waves Guard!” Old Liu smiled. He waved a hand in a circular motion and water like ripples formed around him. Ye Cang was still storing up strength, but suddenly, his hand erupted with cold air. “...Dragon-- Diamond Dust...”

He actually managed to change his qi’s attribute, showing that he wasn’t someone ordinary. Seeing the attack approach the barrier, the ripples began to show signs of freezing and cracking. Old Liu waved his hand two more times, releasing more water. The cold air coming from Ye Cang’s hand suddenly changed into crackling lightning. The lightning immediately engulfed the protective barrier. Old Liu felt something was wrong. *This kid’s internal energy isn’t normal qi! Normal qi can’t change like this! Attributeless qi!?* He didn’t know that Ye Cang didn’t have qi at all, but an energy that could have the strength, attributes, uses, and everything that qi had, but its applications were even more extensive. Purity wise, it was higher, so was even more efficient.

Old Liu immediately removed his shield, planning to block Ye Cang’s lightning fist. The moment he touched it though, Ye Cang smiled. His fist became a chop. Old Liu deflected it with a wave of his hand, but in that moment, he felt a sharp pain on his stomach.

“Strong Diamond Finger!” The thumb on Ye Cang’s other hand was stabbed at his belly. Old Liu was in so much pain that his face was turning into shades of green. *This treacherous bastard. F\*\*k! What 40% strength, anything less than 60% is just seeking death. Such a powerful kid, having such overwhelming skill and strategy at such a young age. Those rapid transformations, using lightning to bypass water, all just to confuse me into thinking his main attack would come from that hand. He made me neglect his Strong Diamond Finger. F\*\*k, such a skillful Strong Diamond Finger. It was like lightning, striking out in a flash. Ah, my stomach. Good kid...* 

Ye Cang quickly backed up tens of meters. “Lord Liu is truly peerless. It’s getting a bit late, this young one will be taking his leave...”

He said that then quickly slipped away.

Old Liu wanted to reach out to stop him, but only got his afterimage. Covering his stomach, he took a deep breath. *Isn’t Old Sun always acting high and mighty? Alright, next time, let’s let him have a taste of that Strong Diamond Finger.*

After changing, MistyVeil could not be described with a mere spectacular. She came out of a building and while passing by the artificial lake, saw Old Liu holding his stomach. “3rd grandfather, what’s wrong...”

“I was bitten by a mosquito, it hurts a bit. Go along, it’s nothing...” Old Liu rubbed his stomach and continued to fish.

“......” MistyVeil shivered. Bitten by a mosquito? With her 3rd grandfather’s strength, what kind of mosquito could bite him? When she returned to the living room, both Zhang ZhengXiong and Ji Xiao froze. With eyebrows like crescent moons and eyes like stars, her perfect ratios were accentuated by her backless black dress, making her look suffocatingly beautiful. Her jade like skin, and two lofty mountain peaks could easily make anyone start daydreaming. Ye Cang gave her a glance, but didn’t have any distracting thoughts. He only gave her F cups a second look, as if seeing something wrong. “Lele, those are stuffed right...”

“Mm, she’s only an E-, but is suddenly an F now. Clearly it’s fake...” Lin Le said authoritatively like a specialist, making MistyVeil feel a bit embarrassed.

Qin family.

In the banquet hall, Mr Qin saw that Ye Cang’s group had arrived together with the Liu family’s eldest daughter. He raised a brow, “You know each other...”

Ye Cang nodded, wrapping an arm around the innocent Ji Xiao, “We met through this guy...”

Mr Qin looked at Ji Xiao who looked like he was deathly afraid of Ye Cang’s group. *These three guys definitely messed with him. I just got news today that Ji Xiao was once again stripped on the train. However, this kid Ji Xiao has always been bullied since young. In the Qin family, he was bullied by CloudDragon and Little Zhen. At the Su family, he’s bullied by that girl BingXue.* He looked to MistyVeil. *Truly a nation level beauty.*

“Uncle Qin...” MistyVeil smiled.

“Mm, alright, since you’ve come, then you’re an honored guest. Please come in...” Mr Qin nodded to her.

“What are you talking about. Uncle, don’t be a stranger,” MistyVeil said, then Mrs Qin came and pulled MistyVeil and FrozenCloud away.

Zhang ZhengXiong stared at MistyVeil’s back and murmured, “Such a perky butt...”

“All natural...” Lin Le said innocently.

Mr Qin looked over and slowly nodded, “Good taste...”

“I’ve thought so ever since I...” Ji Xiao didn’t even get to finish before Mr Qin smacked the back of his head. “She’s your cousin for gods sake! How can you have such dirty thoughts! Go in and sit down!”

Ji Xiao walked in with a bitter expression. *She’s also your niece.*
Mr Qin looked at him unhappily. *That kid is just asking for a beating.*

Mr Qin reached out and patted Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le’s shoulders. “A’Xiong, Lele, as expected of the disciples of I, Qin San. Great minds think alike...”

Ye Cang looked at the harmonious three, and smiled. Mr Qin looked behind Ye Cang and was amazed by the next guest. “What special day is this? Even a rare guest like this has arrived...”

A gorgeous beauty was reflected in his eyes. A face as if delicately sculpted, shiny jet-black hair, a high nose, and eyes like black pearls. Just a glance could send anyone’s imagination running wild. The tear shaped mole under the beauty’s eye looked like a masterful brushstroke. This beauty was in no way inferior to MistyVeil, perhaps even superior. Wearing tight-fitting western clothes, this was exactly NalanPureSoul. He smiled suggestively as he looked at Ye Cang’s small back.

Ye Cang felt people giving him a peculiar look, so he turned and saw the new arrival. “Why does this flat woman look familiar...”

“......” Mr Qin broke out in cold sweat. Flat woman, what kind of nickname was that. It was good that he didn’t seem to have heard it. It should be known that the Nalan family’s temptress hated being called things like transvestite, things that hinted that he was neither man nor woman. 

NalanPureSoul looked at Ye Cang’s white hair and pink eyes. He didn’t feel the least bit disappointed, instead, his heartbeat accelerated. He felt it was very unique, especially, those fluttering white lashes. “Pale- no, Brother Ye Cang...”

Hearing that voice, Ye Cang froze and began to sweat. He thought that that gender ambiguous appearance was only inside the game, but he was even more attractive in reality. Seeing the delicate hand NalanPureSoul had extended towards him, he grasped it. “So it’s you, Brother PureSoul...”

The two of them once again began to stare at each other without a word. One indifferent and the other graceful. 10 minutes passed. Mr Qin was shouting in his heart, ‘*Daughter, hurry and get your boyfriend back! Otherwise, after you finally stop being lesbian, he’ll become gay! But the opponent is the temptress, can our Zhen’er match up to him? Can she hold onto our good son-in-law?*’ 

MistyVeil turned to see the two of them staring at each other, and for an entire 10 minutes no less. Were they a thing? Mrs Qin was alarmed. She quickly shouted for ThornyRose to come out. “Hurry! Otherwise you’ll be single for the rest of your life!”

ThornyRose’s whole body shuddered. She looked at her mother, the scene of a woman picking a baby out of the trash played through her head...
