---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 387"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, ColdLove"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 387: MistyVeil Attacked

ThornyRose was annoyed. *What do you mean ‘even surpasses ThornyRose’. Am I that old!?*

Lin Le hesitated for a moment, then said three words to MistyVeil, “Aunt Perky Butt...”

“Lele, how can you be so rude. Brother PureSoul already said that we can’t address her as Perky Butt. How about this, let’s shorten it to Aunt Perky...” Ye Cang reprimanded.

“Mm, Brother Lil’White is the smartest...” Lin Le quickly nodded.

“Aunt Perky. Aunt as honorific, and Perky can also mean happy, so it’s probably fine...” NalanPureSoul analysed seriously.

“Aunt Perky. Cousin, what do you thi...” Ji Xiao didn’t even get to finish before he got a slap on the back of his head.

MistyVeil looked at their smiles, her face completely rigid. *Aunt Perky...* Her chest heaved along with her heavy breathing. *Is NalanPureSoul also a natural!? These bastards!* There were so many people at the banquet so she could only endure it. “I am hardly a few years older than you all. You can address me casually, just RuYan is fine...”

“Ok, Aunt Perky...” Ye Cang nodded.

*God dammit! Do you not listen!?* MistyVeil finally couldn’t bear it and began cursing in her mind. She laughed awkwardly and looked to ThornyRose. “Your fiance is so crafty… Haha...”

ThornyRose sighed. *Now you know what my everyday is like.* 
MistyVeil saw ThornyRose sigh. *This girl probably gets angered on a regular basis. Really New Village’s Three Brothers, hah...* She made a mental note to add something to Ye Cang’s data. Deserves a beating - SSS.

MistyVeil sighed and decided to eat a bit. Her chopsticks reached towards a piece of high-quality salted chicken. As she was about to reach it, Lin Le’s chopsticks quickly blocked her. He said seriously, “This is mine...”

MistyVeil and Lin Le faced each other, with Lin Le baring his teeth at her like a dog. She was speechless. *This one’s also a weirdo...*

“Lele, don’t cause trouble. Aunty Perky, sorry about that...” Ye Cang separated their chopsticks, then helped serve MistyVeil a piece of chicken. “Fatten up...”

MistyVeil looked at the chicken butt on her plate and blinked. *Fatten up?* Her chest ached. She wanted to use her chopsticks and stab the bastard infront of her to death. He even called her Aunt Perky again! She passed the chicken over to Ji Xiao and said gracefully, “I don’t need it. This is Smiley’s favorite, so let him have it. Also, could you not call me Aunt Perky. If you say it again, I’ll get mad.”

Ji Xiao made a bitter face. “Cousin, I don’t...”

MistyVeil looked at him with a smile. Ji Xiao felt a chill down his back. He endured his disgust and swallowed the chicken butt.

ThornyRose saw that they were starting to become openly hostile. Would they really go so far?

At this time, Mr Qin came over.

MistyVeil smiled, “Uncle Qin...”

“Uncle...” NalanPureSoul also greeted courteously.

“I didn’t think both RuYan and QinHun would come today. Your presence really brightens up this humble dwelling. With you two around, the other women don’t even dare show their faces. Haha...” Mr Qin said, making a light joke.

“You exaggerate. Uncle Qin is still a charmer...” MistyVeil said with a lovely smile.

“Allow me to formally introduce you all. These two are my direct disciples, Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le. Both of them are extremely gifted martial artists...” Mr Qin said proudly, with a hand on their shoulders.

With regards to Zhang ZhengXiong, MistyVeil still approved of him. As for Lin Le, he… she figured that extraordinary people simply think differently. She smiled at the two of them. “Uncle Qin is the best of the best. Even my third grandfather often says that Uncle Qin’s Yin Yang Trigram Technique is exquisite...”

NalanPureSoul nodded. *Indeed. Even though Uncle Qin is only the head of one of the Qin branch families, but his strength puts him as one of the Qin family’s top 5 experts. Even father says that he is a genius only seen every hundred years. His knowledge is vast, and he masters techniques quickly. Since someone like that is praising Shaking Bear and Lele, then they are definitely geniuses...*

“Nonsense. Nalan Sheng, that brat, is the top of our generation.” Mr Qin looked at NalanMoon and said.

“You overestimate father...” NalanPureSoul got up and said modestly.

“Haha, you all continue. I’ll go greet those old fellows...” Mr Qin shared a drink with Ye Cang then left.

Ye Cang raised his wine glass then suddenly frowned. There was a murderous intent nearby. He turned and looked out a high window at the night sky. *On that rooftop?* His pink eyes quickly focused. *It’s a sniper, he’s firing! The trajectory, it’s going to hit Aunt Perky in 0.1 seconds. The target is Aunt Perky… The bullet is a PC3 armor-piercing bullet dipped in poison. One hit guarantees death, extremely powerful!* 

By the time MistyVeil noticed the bullet, it was already too late to gather her qi! It was heading right for her forehead! Her chest tightened. *Am I going to lose my life?* At this time, a pale white hand blocked MistyVeils vision. All she heard was the sound of a crisp impact, but the hand didn’t even get pushed back at all as it caught the bullet. Everyone looked over. Qin San was alarmed. Luckily, his good son-in-law had blocked it. If she was killed here, the Qin family would have to take responsibility. He quickly turned and looked out the window. Ye Cang threw the still whole bullet onto the table. He loosened his necktie, and his figure flickered, disappearing from the banquet hall. MistyVeil was still panicked and confused. She thought she was going to die. When she recalled that thin white hand, she couldn’t help feeling both extremely grateful and shocked. His strength was terrifying. He could catch such a fast armor-piercing bullet with his bare hands. Then, when she blinked, he was suddenly gone from the banquet hall...

Qin San recalled his conversation with Ren Long. White Thunder, a pair of hands that can tear apart metal, speed as fast as lightning. It was a really fitting nickname. He was originally planning to follow, but after thinking it over, he decided to wait. His good son-in-law’s strength wasn’t simple. With a flash, Ye Cang once again appeared in the ballroom, throwing the hitman onto the ground. “I’ve removed the poison in his mollar and the chip. Do you need me to help interrogate him? I’m pretty good at it...”

NalanPureSoul looked at the hitman. *Brother Ye Cang used such a terrifying method. All his tendons were snapped, and his whole body is suffering fractures. He was even shot full of holes from some bullet shrapnel, all in that short instant. Even if this person wanted to die, he wouldn’t be able to. Let alone the poison in his molar, even the suicide chip in his head was removed. That’s a chip that only needs a thought to activate. Such astonishing speed...*

“RuYan, we allowed you to be frightened. Our reception was truly unsatisfactory...” Mr Qin said apologetically. He ended the party and had people apologize to all the guests. ThornyRose followed him to offer apologies. If the main family were to learn of this, their branch family would not be able to escape responsibility.

“I don’t blame uncle. There are many people who want me dead...” MistyVeil sighed. She was too high-profile, and had allowed someone to learn that she was going to the Qin family banquet. This was the destiny of someone from an influential family. *However, my bodyguards should be covering those places, how could they allow this to happen.* She called back her bodyguards and one named Zhang ZhiXing didn’t return. There really was an insider. She narrowed her eyes, swearing to find out who was responsible for this. She turned to Ye Cang and bowed. “Words aren’t enough to thank you. I, RuYan, will definitely repay you for saving my life...”

“Just let me touch again is enough...” Ye Cang nodded and smiled.

MistyVeil didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

“......” Everyone was speechless while Mr Qin had no idea what was going on.
