---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 388"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 388: Drawing in Customers

Mr Qin looked at Ye Cang. *He’s from the Dragon Group, could he be an interrogation specialist?* “Good son-in-law, are you certain you can get him to talk?”

“Not absolutely certain, but there has yet to be someone who I couldn’t make talk...” Ye Cang said.

MistyVeil nodded. The faster they could interrogate him, the better. “Then please.”

“Alright. A’Xiong, you guys wait for me outside. I’m going for a walk in the basement...” Ye Cang said as he healed the hitman’s bones, making him scream out mournfully. *That should be enough.* He dragged the hitman by the collar and began heading to the basement.

“Good son-in-law, I’ll go with you...” Mr Qin followed. MistyVeil and ThornyRose were also going to follow.

“You two women shouldn’t come. It’s best that uncle doesn’t come either, if possible...” Ye Cang looked at the three and said earnestly.

“It’s fine...” Mr Qin said, making ThornyRose and MistyVeil wait outside.

Mr Qin followed Ye Cang to the basement. He watched as Ye Cang put the hitman on a chair and said seriously, “Tell me who ordered you...”

Ye Cang had wrapped a cushion around the hitman’s teeth. This ensured that he could not bite his tongue but could still speak. Seeing that he was planning to remain silent, Ye Cang asked, “Uncle, do you have Sensory Enhancement Stimulant?”

Mr Qin faintly nodded. It was a chemical that enhances one’s senses. He had someone bring a syringe over. Ye Cang inject it, then he reached out and put a hand on the hitman’s shoulder. He began to slowly crush his bone from top to bottom. All that could be heard from the basement were blood-curdling screams. It was so loud, that even the people outside could faintly hear it.

With his senses enhanced, that heart rending pain from having his bones crushed was enough to make the hitman pass out, but another syringe crushed his hopes. Ye Cang slowly finished crushing all the bones in his body. “Ready to talk?”

There was no response. Ye Cang smiled and returned the shoulders. Blood splashed as he began to skin the man with his bare hands. Starting from his shoulders, piece by piece, his skin was torn off. In the end, his entire right arm, down to his fingers, was stripped to flesh as if peeling an orange. Blood dripped from the arm. Alcohol was poured from his shoulder and allowed to run down his arm. “Still not ready to talk? That’s fine, this is just the beginning...”

Besides the blood curdling screams, there was no response. Ye Cang reached out to his skinless arm. While listening to the screams, he began to pull off strips of flesh. Mr Qin furrowed his brows, understanding why no one had ever kept their silence. Such a cruel method. Finally, the hitman’s eyes were pulled out, his whole body was skinned, and alcohol continued to flow. Then the fingers were twisted off one at a time. Finally, Ye Cang heard what he wanted to hear.

“So it’s 10,000 Souls...” Ye Cang murmured, then stabbed his hand through the hitman’s heart. Blood splurt everywhere.

Mr Qin also scowled. *10,000 Souls? How did the Liu family provoke a large-scale cult organization like them?* He looked at Ye Cang who was like a bloody asura. His white hair, western suit, and face were all covered in blood. He looked like he didn’t find his actions terrifying at all. *This kid isn’t just acting mature. His actions were decisive. As expected of someone who got a recommendation from the leader of the Dragon Group.*

MistyVeil saw Mr Qin and Ye Cang come out. When she saw Ye Cang come out of the basement covered in blood, her body began to unconsciously tremble, especially when she saw those cold silver eyes. ThornyRose was also frightened by Ye Cang’s blood covered appearance.

“It was ordered by someone from 10,000 Souls. That’s all he knew...” Ye Cang took a towel and wiped the blood on his hands and face.

“10,000 Souls, so it’s them...” MistyVeil frowned.

“What?” Mr Qin asked, noticing MistyVeil’s expression. It seems like there was a reason for this affair.

“Our Liu clan has recently had a breakthrough in the pharmaceutical industry. We were able to extract a new oxytocin gene, but we’re still in the research stage. If it’s successful, it will be leading edge in muscle and bone regeneration therapy.” MistyVeil hesitated a bit before roughly explaining. “10,000 Souls had come to talk to father about it, but they were turned down. This must be their revenge...”

“10,000 Souls, this will be a problem...” Mr Qin frowned.

“Yeah. Our Liu family doesn’t fear them, but they are still an enormous terrorist organization. If we really fought with them, the losses would be impossible to guess. All we can do is team up with the Dragon Group...” MistyVeil looked at Ye Cang.

“Don’t look at me, I’m not the Dragon Group’s salesman. I’m just an honorary member...” Ye Cang thought to himself. Perhaps he could direct them to the Commandments. It would be better to have SpyingBlade do it, to build a connection with the Liu family and show SpyingBlade his way of thinking.

SpyingBlade intuitively understood. Indeed, if he could facilitate this matter, then would gain the right to speak in the meetings. He sighed, feeling that he was no better than a salesman; if he wanted to rise the ranks, he had to solicit more customers or be like Cold Moon the super ‘security officer’. He stood out and looked at MistyVeil, “If it’s 10,000 Souls, perhaps...”

MistyVeil looked at SpyingBlade. *Him?* She narrowed her eyes. “Perhaps what...”

“It’s inconvenient to speak here...” SpyingBlade smiled.

Mr Qin looked at SpyingBlade, sizing him up. *He is?* He didn’t pay much attention to this man before, he only knew that it was someone his good son-in-law brought so he didn’t ask about it. He looked towards Ye Cang curiously.

“The power behind him is enemies with 10,000 Souls, the organization that 10,000 Souls is the most afraid of...” Ye Cang whispered to him.

“Isn’t that...” Mr Qin had a realization. So it’s them. They are indeed more appropriate than the Dragon Group to go up against 10,000 Souls. A truly worthy association. The Liu family have struck gold, having both the Dragon Group and Commandments acting. Who would have thought that his good son-in-law knew some Commandments people. Thinking it over, the Dragon Group often have had dealings with the Commandments. He smiled silently.

MistyVeil brought SpyingBlade to a nearby building. Mr Qin and the others didn’t follow.

Before MistyVeil could open her mouth, SpyingBlade spoke first. “The 10 Commandments...”

Immediately, MistyVeil was dumbstruck. One truly couldn’t judge a book by its cover. SpyingBlade was actually someone from the 10 Commandments, that extremely mysterious, organization crushing group of people. “Affiliation?”

“7,” SpyingBlade replied.

MistyVeil nodded and they decided on a time for negotiations. This was an important matter, so she had to get approval from the higher-ups first. The other side probably also had to call his superiors.

ThornyRose and FrozenBlood were curious and wanted to go into the basement. NalanPureSoul, who just came up from there, reached out to stop them. He shook his head, “It’s best not to go. Brother Ye Cang doesn’t want you to see something terrifying. And… it really is...”

When he spoke to there, he saw the two women shake their heads. He turned and watched Ye Cang walked away to wash up. *Truly an unfathomable person. The scene in the basement could be described as hell on earth… Just who are you?* NalanPureSoul began to blush.
