---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 389"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "ColdLove"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 389: Crossing Swords**

MistyVeil once again thanked Mr Qin, then sped back to the Liu family at top speed with SpyingBlade in tow. NalanPureSoul was in no rush and decided to accept Mr Qin’s invitation to stay the night.

Bathroom.

Ye Cang hummed a little tune as he wiped the blood on his body, then began to wash the very eye catching blood-red color off his white hair. When he was clean enough, he entered the wide tub and opened the skylight to gaze at the stars while allowing the moonlight in.

The sound of footsteps made Ye Cang turn to look. He immediately broke out in cold sweat when he saw NalanPureSoul come over wrapped in a towel like a girl, covering everything under his collarbone. *Hey, you’re also a man.*
“Brother Ye Cang has good mental fortitude. The blood was just washed off and you can already bath while admiring the moon...”

“You jest.” Ye Cang replied indifferently. “We’re all men here, there’s no need to cover up...”

“I dislike being naked...” NalanPureSoul said as he leaned on the rock beside Ye Cang and smiled.

Ye Cang couldn’t take it anymore. He stood up, revealing his whole body. With head held high and chest out, he showed off his abs. “Real men should be like a ‘sword’, whether it’s a 3 inch ‘sword’ or an emperor’s ‘sword’. Come, get up and let’s cross our ‘swords’. See which of us is the true holy ‘sword’.”

“......” NalanPureSoul wiped his cold sweat, starting to regret taking the initiative to come in. He looked at the ‘sword’ on display in front of him. Ye Cang was facing 45 degrees up towards the stars outside the window. “Brother Ye Cang, forget about the swords or whatever. Someone will only end up getting hurt...”

“Me, Lele, and A’Xiong use to cross swords when we bathed. Lele’s Southern Barbarian Giant Elephant, my Three Foot Spear, and A’Xiong’s Armstrong Spiral Cannon have been through many hard battled. Come! Brother PureSoul, let me see your weapon!” Ye Cang shouted with his hands on his waist. He approached like a brave and vigorous general.

NalanPureSoul looked away with a blush. That guy was too shameless. He was unable to deal with this natural behaviour of his. He got up, planning to walk away, but Ye Cang reached out towards the towel. “There’s no escape!”

NalanPureSoul struck with a palm. Ye Cang just laughed and caught his wrist. His hand continued to shoot forwards, as fast as lightning, in the shape of a hook. NalanPureSoul was alarmed. *Too fast!* His silhouette suddenly became warped like the image on a malfunctioning TV. In a flash, he appeared at the doorway, with his hand on the towel at his chest. “Brother Ye Cang, your little brother has finished and will be leaving first...”

Ye Cang sat back down and continued to look out the skylight with a sigh. His ring finger played with the ring worn on his neck as he gazed at the moon.

Wrapped in a towel, also intending to take a bath, ThornyRose watched as NalanPureSoul escaped from the bathroom with a completely red face. She shivered, then walked into the bathroom and asked Ye Cang, “What did you do to NalanPureSoul...”

“Nothing, Brother PureSoul is just shy. I invited him to cross swords, but he just couldn’t let himself go...” Ye Cang sighed.

ThornyRose nodded and entered the bath. “Wait, what do you mean cross swords?”

“Oh, it’s long-established, and very fun game. It’s very simple too. You just each pull out swords and compare your martial might...” Ye Cang smiled.

“F\*\*k! There’s no such game!!” ThornyRose roared when she realized what the sword was. No wonder NalanPureSoul ran away. Who in their right mind would play such a vulgar game, let alone someone like NalanPureSoul. She suddenly became curious, “NalanPureSoul has a sword!?”

“I don’t know, he ran before I could pull off his towel...” Ye Cang shrugged. *He even used a super power. I fear Brother PureSoul’s strength is not ordinary. Perhaps even A’Xiong would have a hard time winning.*

“Today… you.” ThornyRose calmed down.

“I am a Dragon Group member after all, and I’m very good at interrogation...” Ye Cang said with a calm smile. *I also have those antisocial genes, but I’ve accepted the cruel parts of myself. If that part became an independent personality of its own, then the results would be unimaginable. It’s better to accept it and let it become part of one’s existence...*

ThornyRose nodded silently.

Late night.

Ye Cang sat on the balcony window leaning on the frame as he looked at the night scenery. He pondered over something, muttering, “A’Xiong and them are becoming more and more happy. I don’t know why but I feel like the day A’Xiong settles down and gets married will be the day I leave...”

Ye Cang frowned as he took out his ring and fiddled with it. His premonitions were rarely wrong. He shook his head. It would be useless to think about it. He held his ring tightly and tucked it back under his clothes.

Avīci.

“Gods and Goddesses, it is this person who stole the Book of Hope. He has already achieved an immortal body. This place probably can’t hold him much longer. When he escapes Avīci, it will be a heavenly calamity.” Said an old man with a long beard.

“I still feel like it would be better to just let him out...” A woman said.

“Madam, he has already suffered for who knows how long! I hope Fire God will use the primal flame to burn him, then we’ll lock him up with God’s Lock!” A brown haired man said.

“We have no better option. We definitely can’t let him escape from Avīci...” The Fire God rubbed around his scarlet red beard and offered up his Primal Flame, setting the white haired man eternally ablaze. His arms and legs were restrained by Godly Chains. Even his shoulders were wrapped in the Godly Chains. Someone holding a black pike walked out amongst the gods. He stabbed the white haired man in the back, pinning him to the floor through his heart. Then some others came to secure God’s Lock on the chains binding his hands and feet. Even his face had a sinister and terrifying mask, formed from molten iron, stuck to it by the Smithing God. The woman couldn’t bear to watch as this man burned while he continued to undergo Avīci’s skinning, rotting, rebirth, and mental torture. Now there was even heart piercing, soul burning, and other extremely malicious tortures. There was even a Hungry Ghost released inside his innards. However, the man continued to stare ahead, just as before. There wasn’t a bit of change. She sighed deeply. If there was still a chance to release him before, now it was impossible. Hopefully this wouldn’t be the cause of this star’s destruction. When the time comes that he is finally free from this eternal torment...

Everyone left.

The woman approached till her veil was just before the raging flames. She looked at the iron masked, white haired man’s lifeless and and painful eyes. “Why have you never screamed. You can really bear this kind of pain?”

She thought she wouldn’t get an answer, but a rough voice replied. “Compared to losing true love, this bit of pain is not even worth mentioning. Don’t worry, I won’t destroy you all nor this star, because there is no point, so I’m willing to accept this little punishment. I just wanted her back. If I failed, I will just quietly disappear along with her. To live together, and die together...” The eyes behind that iron mask began to look exceptionally gentle. The look contrasted with the endless torture making it even more shocking...

The woman showed her breathtaking beauty and looked at the man before her. She couldn’t help feeling shocked deep inside her heart. *Compared to losing true love, this bit of pain is not even worth mentioning huh...* “To live together, and die together. Why...”

“I’m not someone born from love, but I’m willing to die for love! You won’t understand, because you’ve never truly lived, nor ever truly loved...” The white haired man with an iron mask smiled gently.

“Is that right? Then why don’t you complete the Book of Hope now...” The Goddess looked at him, unsure.

“My promises to her, there is still one that isn’t complete. But it shouldn’t be long now...” His expression behind the iron mask was one of relief. *A’Xiong, hurry and settle down to get married...*

“Promises...” The Goddess muttered. She looked at the man who, for a mortal love, would accept eternal torment, and couldn’t help feeling respectful. She also began to have thoughts that she never should have.
