---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 390"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "ColdLove"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 390: Tsunami

Early morning.

Ye Cang watched Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le in the courtyard, then slowly raised his head to look into the distance. Seeing the many buildings on the campus, he decided to take a stroll.

Vermilion Bird District, campus.

Ye Cang was very famous even in the capital. At a roadside stall, he bought a popsicle with the intention of winning a prize, but got a piece of paper which said ‘please contribute another 5 dollars to charity’ “.......”

Ye Cang turned away and saw that not far away, many students were entering a school building. He looked to a sign. *So it’s a public class. Let’s go and see how qualified the teachers in the capital are.* Inside was pretty much a full house. Ye Cang went up to a nerd in the first row and made a good-willed smile. The guy quickly got up and offered his seat.

Ye Cang reached out and patted his shoulder, “The capital’s students are courteous...”

“It’s nothing...” The guy happily got a signature then turned around and threw some other guy out of the second row, taking his seat.

Ye Cang was wondering why a public lecture would have so many people, enough to have them fighting over the seats, but when he saw the lecturer arriving on stage, his popsicle quietly fell to the ground. The first thing that entered his eyes were those milk jugs that were as big Linda’s in the game. He felt like he was struck by a tsunami. As she slowly walked up to the stage, he could see that she was a mature woman with a beautiful face. Her figure was very well rounded, while her beauty mark made her even more attractive. Ye Cang saw that some of the men in the second row had calmly took out some tissue paper and set it to the side, as if they were preparing for some evil ceremony, but their eyes were very sincere like a buddha.

Ye Cang turned to the vulgar man beside him. “How many of her classes have you taken.”

“Every single one...” The man said proudly.

“What does she teach?” Ye Cang continued asking.

“I don’t know. What she teaches is not important...” The man replied again, still proud.

Ye Cang looked at those rippling waves and nodded, “Makes sense...”

“Why is it all male students again...” The mature woman shrugged, making the waves become more violent. What made Ye Cang apprehensive was that childish voice which made one tingle. He couldn’t help thinking, *I should transfer...* 

As the class started, everyone present stared at the ripples as if watching a movie. Ye Cang followed the local customs. As the ripples went left, he turned left, as they went right, he slowly turned right. The lecturer’s name tag was stranded among the waves. On it were the words La HongYe... 

From beginning to end, everyone was drowned in the waters as they listened to the sirens’ song. La HongYe saw Ye Cang’s clothes. *He’s not from my school. Isn’t that Lin Hai’s Crusader King - The Devilish Gentleman? Looks like my public classes are not only good, but very popular as well. Even influential figures come all the way from Lin Hai to attend.* As she recalled that time’s lonely waltz… she began to have a very good opinion of Ye Cang.

When the class finished, all the men applauded. La HongYe bowed and cried out, “Don’t forget next week! Come see teacher HongYe again!”

Ye Cang slowly got up and watched her departing back. He crossed his arms and stroked his chin, in thought. *That butt is the best in the world. Even Aunt Perky Butt isn’t that spectacular, but they both have their own merits. This one is well-rounded but not saggy. It’s the heavy weapon of butts. As for Aunt Perky Butt, her’s is the classics which is hard to give up. What about using Aunt Perky Butt’s favor, and having her come over so I can touch both at the same time. Hah, forget it. Aunty Perky Butt probably wouldn’t agree.* He muttered, “As expected of the capital, such a qualified teacher...”

Ye Cang left the school building feeling somewhat disappointed. He sighed once again. “Why doesn’t LinHai have teachers like that. No wonder we never win first in the five schools competition. We’re just lacking this one little thing. Hah...”

As he finished speaking and planned to leave, a voice that made one weak in the knees came from behind him. “Student Ye Cang...”

Ye Cang suddenly turned and saw those weapons of destruction jogging towards him. *Not good!* He quickly took a step back and looked at teacher La HongYe who was right in front of him. “Teacher, you’re here for...”

“Can you give me your signature? Your dance is too amazing. It’s a pity I have no talent for dancing...” La HongYe took out a pen and offered it to Ye Cang.

Ye Cang looked at the billowing cleavage, and it took him a while to spit out a few words.”Sign where...”

“I forgot to bring paper, just sign on my clothes.” La HongYe laughed very naturally.

Ye Cang was startled. *This woman is so scheming! Good thing it’s me. If it was someone else, they would be reduced to ashes by these weapons of hers.* With shaking hands, he took the pen and quickly circled around her to sign on her big buns. He signed ‘Ye Cang <3’...

Ye Cang watched as she left happily. *Such a terrifying woman...*

Ye Cang returned to the Qin family, and showed Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le the recording of her class. They all said together, “Let’s transfer...”

“The capital has a larger amount of qualified teachers...” Zhang ZhengXiong said with his arms crossed.

“Yeah, yeah. Really larger...” Lin Le said with his mouth gaping wide open.

FrozenCloud facepalmed beside them. *So it’s the public class’s Teacher HongYe. As long as there are otakus, every class will be packed full. One of Vermillion Bird District’s most famous people.* “Team Leader, I just moved from the capital to Lin Hai...”

“So short-sighted...” Ye Cang sighed.

“You threw away your bright future...” Zhang ZhengXiong said regretfully.

“Yeah, exactly!” Lin Le chimed in.

ThornyRose looked at the group curiously. The moment she heard it was about La HongYe, “So you’re talking about Dairy Cow. Dairy Cow is a good person, but is a bit air-headed. Her brain doesn’t work very well. Back in school, she was the most hard-working in our class, but her grades were low. She can only teach public classes...”

“A’Xiong, Lele, hurry back to your training! Rose too, don’t disturb them!!” Mr Qin shouted as he walked over. Ye Cang saw the hat in his hand, then rewinded the video. Wasn’t that the same hat as the low key guy on the very right of the front row. He immediately looked at Mr Qin with contempt, smiling meaningfully. ThornyRose also noticed. Everyone looked at Mr Qin, who was just getting back, with a meaningful smile. “Dad, what do you think mom would do if she saw...”

“Haha, Little Zhen. Daddy loves you. I was just joking earlier!” Mr Qin immediately changed expressions. Ye Cang couldn’t help feeling impressed. This reminded him of a phrase, ‘A real man can be flexible’.

ThornyRose got the hush money she wanted and left. As for Mr Qin, he could only sigh.

“Tsunamis are dangerous...” Ye Cang muttered.

Mr Qin nodded sorrowfully.

“......” FrozenCloud was speechless. *Men...*
