---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 391"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "ColdLove"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 391: Ludo Emperor**

“See you in class next week!” Ye Cang waved.

Mr Qin waved back with his back to Ye Cang.

A few days later, on the competition field.

“Today is Thorns and Roses vs Misty Rain. We’re all anticipating what Rose and the Three Brothers will do...” Brother Zhao smiled.

“It’s useless to think about it. Just wait and see...” Brother Zhong shook his head. He turned and looked at Zuo Yiyi who was already looking at the stock growth with crazy eyes. *She is already completely addicted. Hah, is it worth the trouble?*

Brother Zhao watched Brother Zhong sighed at Zuo Yiyi then quickly turn around and buy the Piercing Thorn character stocks that had just been sold. *Hey, you two...*

MistyVeil looked at Ye Cang and smiled. “Although you’re my savior, but I won’t be throwing the game...”

Ye Cang sighed. “But I’ll abide by the promise to stab you two less time, Aunt Perky...”

The audience and Brother Zhao all looked confused. What did Aunt Perky mean? Aunt was referring to an older woman, but perky? What does he mean by perky? Their gazes all lowered towards her butt, then they all had a sudden burst of enlightenment. They all gave Ye Cang a thumbs up. *So that’s why…*

Regarding this Aunt Perky nickname, MistyVeil could only smile bitterly. It was impossible to communicate with those guys. For a period of time, she had tried to correct them, but with no results. She had begun to get mad, but since he had saved her life, she could only gnash her teeth. Her sister, Liu Yan’s, temper began to flare up, but the one word ‘savior’ would stifle it, making her feel sullen. She was very grateful to Ye Cang, it was just a pity that he had that vile character.

“In the duels, try to throw the game to Mad Devil Le...” MistyVeil said quietly, “We’ll win the points back in the team battle with strategy...”

As for Ye Cang’s side, Lin Le directly got up on stage. ThornyRose looked at the nearby MistyVeil. *What is she planning?* She watched as Lin Le took out Liu Yan in less than two exchanges. *Lele might be dumb, but he’s already suffered due to this strategy yet they’re going to use it again!? Humph.* When Lin Le finished off the third opponent and accepted their worship, his chin was nearly pointing to the sky. ThornyRose was immediately unsure. *It’s probably fine. Lele is sometimes pretty crafty...*

The moment the team battle started, Lin Le didn’t even wait for the others to enter before charging at the enemy, planning to fight one against many. He was instantly subdued and slain. Before dying, he didn’t forget to look at ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong and say valiantly, “Lele will be going first. The rest is up to you...”

“......” ThornyRose’s heart sank. Even though Ye Cang managed to insta-kill MistyVeil, he still died to Liu Yan and MoonGaze’s teamwork. What made ThornyRose sigh even more was that Ye Cang didn’t know any of the opponent’s skills. She watched as MistyVeil rose back from the dead. This was MoonGaze’s limit break ultimate - Dead Reincarnation. Although it would only last 2 minutes, but it was enough to decide the match. In the end, even with Zhang ZhengXiong’s stunning performance of killing 3 enemies with ThornyRose and FrozenBlood, their flag was still taken. The enemy summoned their 6th member and ended the battle.

However, the most crucial match was Hero Mode.

The teams arrangements shocked the spectators, because ThornyRose and FrozenBlood weren’t participating. The members were Really New Village’s Three Brothers, SpyingBlade, NightSky, and ElelgantFragrance.

“This team is very reasonable. It has both melee and ranged, and even has the advantage in the jungle. Brother Hero and the Berserk Shadow are both able to jungle and counter-jungle...” Brother Zhao said as he looked at the 6 members.

“That shouldn’t be all. I feel like she still has a card to play...” Brother Zhong raised his brows.

“You mean that little girl...” Brother Zhao’s gaze came to Little Ye Tian.

Brother Zhong shook his head. “I’m not too sure...”

The strategic battle that everyone was expecting happened, but Misty Rain was actually beaten till they couldn’t even retaliate. No one had expected this, no one could believe their eyes. MistyVeil furrowed her brows. All her strategies had been seen through, and all her schemes had been defused. Even her surprise attack ended in a disastrous loss. The entire enemy team had appeared. This was something she never expected. She felt like she was fighting her mirror image.

MistyVeil stood on high grounds watching Little Ye Tian pass down orders. In the end, she had underestimated the girl.

ThornyRose sneered. Although Little Tian rarely schemed, but she was very good at countering the strategies and schemes of others. Even the tiniest changes could not escape her. She was the best counter-type of strategist.

“That girl is amazing. She completely suppressed Misty Rain’s strategies. She really concealed herself well...” Brother Zhao clapped.

“It’s not that she was hiding it. It is because she is a counter-type strategist. She can use her rapid analysis to see through the enemy’s schemes. She is able to quickly come up with ways to counter enemy attacks, ambushes, or escapes. Did you notice that if her teammate’s support was even a bit late, she would bring ElegantFragrance to retreat, not giving Misty Rain even the slightest opportunity.” Brother Zhong shook his head. He never thought Thorns and Roses would have such a strategist. “But she still has many weaknesses...”

“Mm?” Zuo Yiyi expressed her confusion.

“First, whatever Brother Hero says, she will obey, even if it’s a technical foul. This almost led to a defeat near the middle of the match. Luckily, the situation was saved by Brother Big Diamond’s Street Fighter. Second, she doesn’t seem to get along with Brother Mad Devil Le. She was killed by him 3 times. Once might be a coincidence, but three times is… clearly a grudge. Third, she doesn’t listen to Rose’s instructions...” Brother Zhong analyzed. Zuo Yiyi thought back to her time at the seaside cottage. It was indeed so. She recalled the ‘Anti-Lele Alliance Application Form’ that she was given on the boat.

“However, even if they won Hero Mode, Thorns and Roses must still secure Entertainment Mode, otherwise their overall score will not be high enough to advance. They are exactly 2 points away...” Brother Zhao saw that the entertainment mode game was decided. Ludo. 

“We win...” Ye Cang said indifferently.

“They are really unlucky...” Zhang ZhengXiong sighed.

Little Ye Tian didn’t want to admit it, but Lin Le’s Ludo was unrivalled...

Brother Zhao, MistyVeil, and the others watched Lin Le gallantly walk up on stage as if he were an emperor. That peerless aura he was emitting made people raise their brows. They all began to break out in cold sweat on behalf of Misty Rain. “Just surrender. I… already don’t want to bully people with Ludo...”

“Humph, how would we know without trying...” Liu Yan shouted. MistyVeil watched as MoonGaze never again got to touch the dice. She was completely crushed by Lin Le in his Ludo Emperor mode as he flew straight to the end. In the audience, the Ludo club members all stood up and saluted. “It’s the Ludo Emperor!!”

“Ahahaha!” Lin Le snorted then began to laugh to the sky. His silhouette suddenly seemed exceptionally tall, as if an emperor had descended.

“......” ThornyRose, Brother Zhao, and the others all broke out in cold sweat. *Hey, do you have to get like this over a game of Ludo.* ThornyRose was extremely excited. They had finally qualified for the semi-finals.
