---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 392"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "ColdLove"
editor: "BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 392: Temporarily Over**

“Looks like it might be over for others’ this year. The sudden arrival of the Really New Village’s three brothers really brought an unexpected surprise for us.” Brother Zhao thought as he looked at the remaining 3 heavenly kings. As expected, they are Flame Dragon Union, Mad War and Lord’s Reign. Looking at the competition schedule, the semi-finals of The Great Christmas War will be held on the 11th month.

Zuo YiYi glanced at the competition schedule.
“Mad War vs Thorns and Roses, Flame Dragon Union vs Lord’s Reign.”

LordAsked gazed at the ‘Flame Dragon Union’ at the top of the scoreboard and roared, “Since that guy contributed to your fall, I will too! FlameEmperor, no one will be suppressed by you!”

“I look forward to it…” FlameEmperor laughed without a care.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked towards CloudDragon who was sitting opposite him and made a ‘throat slash’ gesture. “CloudDragon bro, you better clean your neck,” said Zhang ZhengXiong.

“Oh really?” CloudDragon looked at Zhang ZhengXiong sternly in response to his provocation. He glanced at the silent SpyingBlade who kept staring at him and thought *I really look forward to our match, please don’t let me down, Happy Firmaments…*

Ye Cang smiled and blinked at VastSea, “How do you plan to die? 3 months should be enough time for you to think of a way.”

“Indeed. I will give you a reply 3 months later, Brother Hero…” VastSea said as he grinned and stroked his chin.

Lin Le surveyed the members in Mad War. CloudDragon and VastSea were already chosen by brother Lil’White and brother Lil’Xiong. However, there was no one he particularly recognized. He thought for awhile when his gaze landed on BlackIce, “She looks so familiar. Where did I see this b*tch before?” LinLe murmured. When he happened to chance upon YellowSpring, he decided out loud, “Nevermind, it will be you then! That guy with the evil smile! Just wait for Lele to finish you!”

BlackIce clenched her teeth and trembled all over. Even though she wanted to kill that MadDogLe, she still restrained herself.

“Is my smile really that evil?” YellowSpring asked BlackIce in a depressed tone.

“A little bit…” BlackIce replied after a slight hesitation.

MistyVeil spectated the provocations of the aces from both teams. She saw that ThornyRose could not interrupt as her aura was too weak under the dominating influence of CloudDragon. *With brother Big Diamond in their team, it helps to assure their club’s aura. If only I had Really New Village’s Three Brothers, I wouldn’t have to worry about the Great Christmas War,* sighed MistyVeil.

“Brother CloudDragon, what my little brother said is right, you better clean your neck. Just recently, that Aunt Perky was one of the something heavenly kings. Although she feels like a fake product, she was already chopped to death by me,” Ye Cang said with an indifferent smile. ThornyRose felt that she could not participate in the provocations and could only watch as MistyVeil’s chest rose up and down in anger. No doubt, other than the ridicule remarks, there are also other insults targeted at female players.

“In the first place, she is already a fake heavenly king. There’s nothing much to talk about,” Said CloudDragon as he indifferently shrugged his shoulder.

“...” ThornyRose, the spectators and the judges broke out in cold sweat. *Hey, Hey, she is still here. Just in between you two!*

“You guys are too…” Liu Yan did not finish her sentence as she was stopped by MistyVeil.

“Let’s go,” MistyVeil sighed. *I will definitely get my revenge next year! I will personally tear down this ‘hat of fake products’!* Looking at Little Ye Tian’s calmly drinking tea mode, she noted that she was MistyRain’s biggest nemesis.
 
“We will see each other next time on the stage, ThornyRose,” CloudDragon spoke while making a last glance at ThornyRose and left.　

Ye Cang signalled the others to do a farewell pose. The five of them smacked their butt while turning it towards the Mad War guild.

SpyingBlade was too ashamed to do this move and hence, he stood at the side with cold sweats dripping down his back.

“Your sister has really been brainwashed by them...” ThornyRose said as she looked at FrozenCloud.

“You too...” FrozenBlood murmured.

“The incitement between Really New Village’s three brothers and Mad War is so intense. It really raised my expectations of the upcoming match,” laughed Brother Zhao.

Finally, Zuo YiYi came out to thank the participants for competing. She then danced gracefully, putting an end to the qualification rounds.

ThornyRose could only smile bitterly. They were up against MadWar, one of the four Heavenly Kings, in their first upcoming match. But thinking about it, the other two were also monsters, especially FlameEmperor. That guy was the real monster. She sighed, however, it was too late to back down now. She took in a deep breath and felt an unspeakable feeling when she looked at Ye Cang and his party. She felt a bit regretful when she considered that the sales of the tickets for the Great Christmas War have to be completed by her and Ye Cang… FrozenBlood patted ThornyRose and thanked her gratefully, “The two arrows that were shot at your butt. It was worth it! Thank you for sacrificing yourself for the greater good of the club.”

*This woman!* ThornyRose grind her teeth as she looked at FrozenBlood, who had a face filled with serious gratitude.

To Ye Cang and his party, the 3 weeks during the rebooting of the game is like a holiday. Ye Cang came to the sports center to see Zhao XiangYu’s sword sparring competition. It had just started. Her opponent was a transfer student from Korea. Zhao XiangYu immediately launched a sudden assault at her and she could only block as the sword was too fast to evade. She was then send flying out of the ring and on her armor was a slight dent.

“This is China’s martial arts schools’ sword skill?” Bang Rae asked surprised. (Korean, Heavenly Flow Style Swordmaster)

Teacher Song Ping from ZhengBang shook his head and said, “This is not the dojo’s sword skill. I remembered this child used complicated yet vibrant sword moves at the previous sparring competition. In such a period of time, her sword is now faster, precise, forceful, clean, and tries to eliminate any variation. Striking down the enemy with one powerful slash. Sir Ichiro Uemura, what is your opinion on this…”
　
Ichiro Uemura from the Island nations was a little speechless. He was sure that in this short period of time,  Zhao XiangYu had received some sort of special training and obtained some pointers from a mysterious school. “I do not know what school this sword style is from since there are no representative moves for indication. All I know is that the starting move is really simple - a pierce and a slash. However, it requires the sword to be powerful and fast so that every move is deadly and vicious! I don’t think this sword style is passed down from a modern day school, but instead, it is more likely to be from a person. That kind of speed, that kind of clean and tidy killing move, can be designated as a technique from all sorts of killer assassins. 

“Well said. Her advancing sword slashes and the way she uses the energy in her body is really special, but this type of using energy will place a burden on her body, especially her legs. This technique really suits an assassin’s killing move, using tremendous power to kill. I don’t think she can use this type of formidable assault frequently in such a short duration.” Yasuaki Ryuichi, who is Severing Thousand martial arts school’s chairman continued the evaluation.

Ye Cang’s lips slightly curved into a smile as he watched Zhao XiangYu slay her strong opponent in seconds and felt that his efforts in teaching her were not in vain. He then gave an indifferent laugh and thought to himself *Don’t get carried away. You have already played your killing cards so early in the game and moreover, once this move has been used several times, your legs will give way and all the previous efforts will be for naught.* He decided to use his will to transmit his voice to her, “If possible, don’t use that move again. Save it for worthy opponents. You have to ensure that your legs can last till the end so as to give your best in carrying out the assault.”

*This Voice! It’s master! He’s watching!!* Zhao XiangYu was extremely moved and surprised. She heavily nod her head and thought *I can’t lose! I can’t disappoint master’s expectations.* Furthermore, in the past few months, she has been beaten by her master uncle. Thinking up to this point, her heart was filled with an unspoken sorrow. She was certain that Tiger master uncle hated her!
