---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 393"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, ColdLove"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 393: Hunting Flame**

Ye Cang hesitated a moment before turning to leave. He walked down an empty hall with his two hands in his pockets. Behind him, the sounds of cheering became more and more distant. Around the corner, a bespectacled man wearing a student council uniform appeared. He brought some people with him who were also wearing student council uniforms. This was LinHai student council’s president - Shen QianYi. Seeing that it was Ye Cang coming down the hall, he raised his brows.

Ye Cang merely glanced at him before directly brushing past him. He didn’t care at all. More importantly, he didn’t even know him in the first place, nor did it matter to him.

“A good general...” Shen QianYi stopped his steps and muttered.

“Humph, that thing...” The north district student council president, Zhou Meng, frowned and said, “I’ll go teach him to respect his seniors...”

“Don’t go disgrace yourself. You can’t beat him...” Shen QianYi shook his head and then entered the meeting place.

“I want to see what ability he has!” Zhou Meng said. Zhou NingZhi’s delicate hand held him back. “Cousin, don’t be impulsive. Since head president has already spoken, it’s better for you not to meddle. Right now, the east district isn’t stable...”

Zhou Meng took a deep breath. He entered the meeting place, in a bad mood. “It’s all that brat Zhong Yun’s fault. He ruined our student council’s reputation!”

Seaside beach.

Ye Cang looked at the man under a streetlamp, and smiled. “Hunting Flame...”

“Leader, long time no see...” Hunting Flame began to walk slowly.

“What made you come find me...” Ye Cang walked along with him.

“I happen to pass by, so I just came to have a look… Those two youngsters you found have potential, but I fear that woman Thousand Spirits will work with Black Tortoise and Sky Burial to suppress us.” Hunting Flame slowly said.

“You’re afraid?” Ye Cang couldn’t help smiling.

Hunting Flame shook his head. “I’ve been thinking, 1 is silently allowing it.”

“1 was always afraid of you, me, and Cold Moon, let alone the fact that those high level guys are up to something… but, he doesn’t want to defang them yet, nor does he dare. Let’s wait and see. Limiting your’s and Cold Moon’s influence is certain, afterall, given his position, he doesn’t want to see us extremists grow. Thousand Spirits situation is the same. The temporary assistance he gives them is also incase I turn traitorous and seize power...” Ye Cang slowly said.

“Leader, it’s not like you want his position...” Hunting Flame sighed. He knew about these things already. For the 10 Commandments to grow to its current scale, leader’s contribution was no less than 1’s. He was in charge of foreign affairs, while 1 was in charge of supervising. This was the result.

“I feel that, this is my opinion, you should take over the organization. Cold Moon’s hatred and bloodthirst is too strong. Out of us three, you’re the most fitting. The Commandments will be left to you and Cold Moon. Many of my duties can be taken over by you. So incase you fall out with him, I’ll be standing by your’s and Cold Moon’s side...” Ye Cang patted Hunting Flame’s shoulder. He was a survivor of one of Salvation’s human experiments. He had to watch as his parents and siblings were injected with void beast genes. He was very determined and intelligent. Ye Cang recalled that time he begged to personally deal with his, no longer human, family… Salvation’s destructive nature made him sigh.

“I know. Also, about Pandora. The agreement is complete.” Hunting Flame said. 

Ye Cang frowned. “Pandora...”

Pandora, the world’s largest neutral organization. Medicine, weapons, smuggling, narcotics, the good, the bad, they do it all. The market’s newest hallucinogens, illegal weapons, poison, were nearly all made by Pandora. They were like a worldwide mafia. You can’t kill them nor get rid of them. They were spread extremely far, and the federation’s stance towards them was ambiguous at best. On one hand, they banned narcotics, on the other, they secretly cooperated to research new medicine. Even for the 10 Commandments, they were a yellow-named organization. One that they wouldn’t suppress, nor assist. Up till now, they had each minded their own business.

“Who pulled the strings?” Ye Cang asked.

“4 - Sky Burial...” Hunting Flame replied.

“I was about to introduce the Liu Family Corporation, and he pulls in Pandora...” Ye Cang raised his head, thought for not even a second, and sneered. “Whatever, if anything happens, it’s not our fault. Hunting Flame, help secure the Liu Family’s position in the group. Have them stand on our side. The negotiations and stuff at the capital, I’ll leave it to you. Although I don’t care, not anyone can join the commandments. Investigate them a bit...”

“I was just planning to go north. I didn’t even notify Ardent Wind...” Hunting Flame said with a cold laugh. 

“Mm, it is indeed inappropriate to tell Ardent Wind. Greet Tomboy and Baldy for me while you’re there. Even if we take some loses in the Commandments, we still have the Dragon Group to retreat to. Also, give 1 a wake-up call. We’ve been too low-key lately, but it doesn’t mean our fangs are no longer sharp. You don’t need me to act right?” Ye Cang’s words made Hunting Flame relax. He could handle it now that he had leader’s approval. He would properly play with Thousand Spirits and them. “No need...”

Capital, Liu family.

“Father, the 10 Commandments’ representative has come. Uncle Ren Long is here too...” MistyVeil said to a smart looking middle-aged man with jade-like skin. This was the head of the Liu family, Liu FengSheng. “RuYan, you were frightened due to my decision...” 

“Not working with 10,000 Souls was the correct decision. If the Qin or Li family found out, we would have no footing to defend ourselves.” MistyVeil shook her head. “My friend says that the one coming is 5 of the 10 Commandments - Hunting Flame...”

“Let’s go meet him...” Liu FengSheng slowly got up and walked towards the living room.

Hunting Flame and SpyingBlade sized up the newcomer. Hunting Flame faintly frowned. *He’s strong, probably not weaker than me.* Likewise, Liu FengSheng was also extremely astonished. 5 of the 10 Commandments, who was in front of him, was at most in his 20s, yet he already had strength no weaker than himself. It was really unimaginable. A branch head of the 10 Commandments had such strength, he really underestimated them. “How inconsiderate of me. Please sit...”

“Thanks... Mr Liu.” Hunting Flame unhurriedly sat down. He then looked at the three elders who entered from the back. Those were elders 2, 3, and 4 of Liu Family’s elder’s counsil - Liu TianXing, Liu TianYue, and Liu TianFang. They all had astonishing auras, as expected of one of China’s great families. There was even a head elder - Liu TianBa, who had yet to show his face. He glanced at SpyingBlade, signalling him to show the data to Liu FengSheng. With SpyingBlade’s assistance, the negotiations went very smoothly. In order to rope them in, Hunting Flame also made some concessions. At the same time, Ren Long represented the Dragon Group in agreeing to a mutually beneficial deal. Soon, Ren Long left and returned to the Dragon Group. Only MistyVeil and Liu FengSheng were left with the two guests.

“I hear that that the 10 Commandments has Silver Devil and Cold Moon, those two who can strike terror into 10,000 Souls and Salvation. How are their true strengths?” The second elder - Liu TianYue asked.

“Cold Moon is about the same as me. Silver Devil, I fear there is no one here who can escape death in front of him...” Hunting Flame said calmly.

“Youngster, you exaggerate...” LiuTian laughed coldly.

“How does the Liu family compare to the Anos family?” Hunting Flame faintly smiled, then got up to leave with SpyingBlade, leaving behind the scowling group. MistyVeil watched his departing back. The Anos family, a world famous family similar to the Liu family. In a single night, they had disappeared without a sound. Not a corpse was found. It caused a huge stir among the underground organizations, and it was all the 10 Commandments’ accomplishment. However, the Anos family turned out to be a high-ranking member of Salvation. Not only did they have the hidden card that was Salvation, their own strength was tremendous.

Hunting Flame walked out of the Liu Family, then turned and looked back. He had exaggerated a bit. The extermination had been jointly completed by leader and the Female Red Dragon. For leader to do it himself, it would be a little bit difficult.
