---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 394"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 394: Return to Conviction**

“Anos family...” Liu FengSheng felt a hint of fear. Hunting Flame’s meaning was clear, he wanted the Liu family to side with the extremists. From his understanding, the extremists were the 10 Commandments’ fangs, in charge of eradication, assassination, destruction. They were the organization’s strength, but the three of them were dangerous. Their leader was the mysterious Silver Devil. It was said that he intended to retire and was cultivating new talents, but it seemed like he was still a big shot among the Commandments. Cold Moon was the most frequently heard of out of the three extremists, with an extremely high danger rating. As for Hunting Flame, he acted in the shadows… Liu FengSheng’s eyes narrowed. Being able to build relations with the 10 Commandments was a fortunate thing, it just depended on how he used them. “RuYan, the matters related to the Commandments will be left to you. You have to handle it personally...”

“I know father.” MistyVeil nodded. She couldn’t be careless. If 10,000 Souls were mad dogs, then the extremist faction were mad lions, or even beyond the level of beasts.

Seaside cottage.

Ye Cang yawned and lay down on the roof. White clothes fluttered from the woman beside him. Ye Cang faintly smiled. “You know?”

“Mm...” Cold Moon faintly nodded. Standing under the moon, the scene of her long hair being blown freely felt incomparably cool.

“Handling external enemies is troublesome enough...” Cold Moon said without a hint of anger.

“There’s no helping it. You, me, Hunting Flame; to #1, we’re the sharpest swords, but the moment we turn towards him, we become the biggest threat. Just leave this matter to Hunting Flame...” Ye Cang said indifferently.

“I know. Leaving it to him is correct. There will be a good show...” Cold Moon’s words were the kind that should have been paired with a sneer, but she said them with a very ordinary expression and not the slightest bit of emotion could be heard. This was what gave the people who dealt with Cold Moon, such as SpyingBlade and Fang Ci, the biggest headache... 

The two of them quietly watched the moon without a word.

In the next few days, Ye Cang and everyone in the cottage often went out to fish. Zuo Yiyi was already very close to everyone. When she learned that Song Xin was Lin Le’s girlfriend, her chin nearly fell off. Wu Na and FrozenCloud both patted her on the shoulder, nodding in understanding. *We get it, we get it.*

At night, he was at Half-moon Lake supervising the two disciples. He sat on the head of a stone boy and watched a drama on his phone. Whenever Zhao XiangYu had any movements that deviated, he would appear and whip that part with a willow stick. It hurt enough to make her gasp. In a night, she would often be hit around 180 times. Zuo Yiyi felt ashamed as she thought, *good thing I’m not learning martial arts. In these modern times, that sort of training is clearly abuse.*

“Master, why doesn’t that big sister there have to suffer!?” Zhao XiangYu finally expressed her dissatisfaction. 

“She pays more tuition fees...” Ye Cang raised his head and thought for not even a second before replying. Zhao XiangYu felt her chest tightened. She had also paid tuition fees! Celebrities sure are rich. She could only sigh.

“However, it’s true, now that you mention it. As a fair teacher, I have to treat everyone equally...” Ye Cang turned towards Zuo Yiyi, who could barely take a few steps on the lake, and made a good-willed smile.

Zuo Yiyi’s chest also tightened. *How could you drag me down with you!* She looked at Zhao XiangYu’s comforting expression, and clenched her teeth. She felt a stinging pain on her leg and she immediately lost control of her strength, falling into the water.

The dissatisfaction in Zhao XiangYu’s heart was vented, so she went back to practicing her thrusts and slashes while humming a little tune.

“Umm, master, I’m a celebrity. If there’s ever a last minute show, I can’t show up with bruises...” Zuo Yiyi said seriously when she came out of the water, genuine tears flowed from her eyes. It was hard enough just to learn to dance on water, now she had to be interrupted by that stick.

“It’s fine. I’m good at eliminating bruising. If you don’t believe me, you can ask your junior apprentice sister. Her injuries are all healed by me...” Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

Zhao XiangYu nodded. *Master’s injury treatment is really skillful! But it really hurts!* 

Zuo Yiyi looked at Zhao XiangYu who was bobbing her head like a chicken. *Something is fishy!*

After falling into the water a few times, Zuo Yiyi screamed as Ye Cang healed her. When she had her mouth covered by Zhao XiangYu, she suddenly realized why the girl was nodding. *It hurts like hell! I’m here to learn dance! Not for this!*

*Little sl\*t, if you’re going to play like that, then I won’t hold back!* Zuo Yiyi gnashed her teeth, got up, and glared at Zhao XiangYu. “Master, her tiger martial uncle has missed her...”

“Alright, tomorrow then. Zhao XiangYu, continue to train with your martial uncle. I’ve noticed that your skill and body improve much faster that way...” Ye Cang once again thought for not even a second before replying seriously.

“That...” Zhao XiangYu began to tremble. Zuo Yiyi snickered. *Little sl\*t, that’ll teach you to mess with others!*

Zhao XiangYu bit her nails and glared at Zuo Yiyi with hatred. She used to be her favorite celebrity, but now they had gone from strangers to enemies...

As the days passed, the game’s re-opening approached. Many players were preparing for it with great ambitions. The A rank tournament, B rank tournament, and amateur tournaments were still fresh in their minds. Everyone who loved the virtual world all had a dream, to be able to participate in the world-wide Great Christmas War, Chrysanthemum Cup, and the Shadow Cup...

Opening day, early morning.

“Bro, the game opens today at noon. I completely forgot what we were doing before it closed...” Zhang ZhengXiong said while drinking the miso soup that Wu Na had made, and ate cooked fish.

“Whatever...” Ye Cang didn’t even think for a second before shrugging and continuing to eat.

As for Lin Le and Little Ye Tian, they were fighting over the last rice cake. The two of them were like fire and water, their scheming and arguments made Wu Na feel helpless...

“We were going to help Sister Rose with an instance quest...” FrozenCloud replied.

Wu Na sighed, feeling a bit of heartache...

That afternoon at 12. They had an early lunch and returned to the game. Ye Cang pet Little Blue Feather’s crest. When he saw that everyone had gathered, he waved his tigerskin coat and led them back to Bal Village to meet up with ThornyRose.

As for Ye Cang’s intention of making a grand meal to celebrate this occasion, no one was able to change his mind. Looking at the array of dark cooking in front of them, ThornyRose immediately broke into cold sweat. They had only been apart for a while, yet it had evolved again. When she saw Wu Na glaring at her, she extended a hand in greeting. “You’re Nana right? Hello...”

Wu Na didn’t take her hand. After being glared at for a while, ThornyRose began to embarrassed. *She is… FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade look a bit nervous. Is this going to go badly?* Finally, Wu Na sighed. She went back to her familiar and amiable smile and reached out her hand. “Hello, Sister Rose...”

“I smell a love triangle...” ElegantFragrance stroked her chin and said quietly.

To the side, FrozenBlood also looked at ThornyRose and Wu Na with interest. “Looks like something fun will happen again...”
