---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 395"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 395: The Women Assemble

“Get ready to go...” Ye Cang urged.

ThornyRose took out a simple map and pointed to a graveyard southeast of Bal Village. “Here, there is an underground crypt. I need to get a lost sword fragment from there...”

“No wonder you want us back. It’s a place where undead creatures appear...” Little Ye Tian looked at the map, then roughly copied it to her virtual map program. During the journey, she further perfected it. 

ThornyRose saw the high-end map. “Give me a copy...”

“10 gold, that’s with the friendship discount...” Ye Cang’s words made ThornyRose feel heartache. What kind of a cheap friend is that. He not only gets paid by the club, he even swindles his friends at every turn. She looked at FrozenCloud and sighed. *Be safe Lil’Dino.* She took out 10 gold and passed it over. Little Ye Tian made a copy of the map with her anti-piracy protection on it, preventing it from being copied again. After going through the procedures, she passed the agreement over. They wouldn’t take responsibility if it gets destroyed due to trading or copying...

ThornyRose saw that Little Ye Tian protected her intellectual property so well, and sighed. No wonder her mother wanted the girl as an advisor.

ThornyRose looked at the map with an aching heart. It was worth the money. The topography and everything was well done, and she could more or less see what places Ye Cang’s group had explored, for example: ghost peak. However, this map didn’t provide updates. “About updates...”

“I’ll give you the price according to the circumstances, don’t worry...” Ye Cang gave her a thumbs up and a ‘be relieved’ look.

“Hah, damn profiteer. I’m taking command and will be arranging the party.” ThornyRose took control of the group as well as the party authority. Herself, FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance, GreenDew, Sister Lily, Little Jade, the three dumbasses, Nana, Fang Ci, SpyingBlade, Little Tian, Lil’Dino, and the pervert. The 15 member party along with a tiger type beastkin, a bug, an obviously useless little demon, and a baby chick, had the fighting strength of 17 people. On her side, PassingBreeze, DemonSpirit, and Kitty could not join. The north still needed them, so they couldn’t leave. She gave temporary command rights over the group to Little Tian, while she would just give advice during battle. After roughly arranging the group, she brought everyone and set out.

Ye Cang distributed some magic spring water to everyone with mana. ThornyRose could only give in to his so-called ‘labour cost’. What made her even more mad was that it wasn’t cheap!

“I sold it to brother PureSoul for a lot more. You’re already getting a 20% discount...” Ye Cang feigned being offended.

*F\*\*k! Just keep acting! You think that I don’t know you have an entire magic crystal vein!?* ThornyRose glared at him unhappily, then sighed. Right now, those three guys and DarkBlade were their club’s aces. Because of them, Thorns and Roses was qualified to face the powerful teams. Even if they retire, as long as they don’t transfer, the three character would remain with Thorns and Roses as honorary characters. She was also making preparations with FrozenBlood. She couldn’t afford to buy an SS rank character, not that anyone would sell one,  so she could only depend on herself. But the chances weren’t good. She never thought that those three would really have heavenly king level talent. Although they each had glaring weaknesses, but they complemented each other well. Truth be told, she envied their friendship. Her own sisters... She looked to FrozenBlood and sighed. *F\*\*k, such ill-fated relationships...*

Along the journey, the fight that Zhang ZhengXiong was anticipating didn’t happen. Unexpectedly, Wu Na and ThornyRose quickly became close. ThornyRose never thought that Nana would be such a good person. She was touched. Compared to some b\*tch who would only stab her in the back, they were as different as an angel and an evil spirit. The two very quickly became like sisters. FrozenCloud looked at Wu Na, and faintly smiled. As long as one didn’t talk about rock and roll with Nana, she was simply a wingless angel. The her now and the punk her, she often felt like they were two completely different people… The key point though was that her punk soul seemed to have been encouraged by team leader, which was the cause of her walking down that path. She was dumbfounded when she had learned that...

“There’s a Raptor mini-boss. It’s coming...” Ye Cang said, taking out his ballista. He checked the inserted magic crystal. It still had quite a bit of magic power, so it didn’t need to be changed. ThornyRose didn’t reply. Against a flying boss, she wouldn’t be able to prepare anything. She could only watch to see if he could hit it. Only once it had been shot down would it be her turn. Normally, to shoot a boss level bird down, even if it was only a mini-boss, was very difficult. When she saw Ye Cang’s ballista, she immediately broke out in cold sweat. What was that!? It even had a magic crystal installed.

“Dark Gold Ballista...” ElegantFragrance narrowed her eyes enviously. “Let me borrow your bow for a bit~...”

Ye Cang made a face that said ‘I really can’t say no to you’, and turned to let her get it herself. ElegantFragrance took his composite heavy bow. When she saw the attributes, she couldn’t help tightening her grip. Although it was only gold quality, but those attributes were definitely dark gold level! Its range was long, and its built-in skill was practical - two guaranteed criticals! It could even be used together with a skill! She nocked an arrow to the bow, and took aim!

Ye Cang faintly smiled. He began to channel a Precise Shot! It was too early to use Meteor Shot.

Everyone watched the two, one with a ballista, the other with a heavy bow. They both aimed at the rapidly flying raptor and shot at the same time. In a flash, Ye Cang’s queen bee bolt pierced through its abdomen. ElegantFragrance’s arrow accurately blew up its eye. It began to fall through the air. Ye Cang put away his ballista, and summoned his shadow weapon - the heavy crossbow - to attack. Another bolt hit the falling raptor.

“Go!” Ye Cang drew his pike and charged with Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong. Even Little Tian raised her staff and charged like a barbarian, shouting with her immature voice, “Kill!”
SpyingBlade was speechlessly looking at the unmoving ThornyRose and FrozenBlood. “Not going?”

“Do they need us?” ThornyRose smiled bitterly. She then turned and grabbed Fang Ci with a smile. “You’re called Fang Ci, right? Come, summon your specter for me to see. Show me, the president, its stats...”

“......” Fang Ci shivered and summoned Bali, sharing her attributes. ThornyRose stroked her chin. *This is good. A mental attack type servant. Some bosses fear neither physical nor magical attacks, but they can still be damaged by spirit and mental type damage. For example, holy ghosts and that type of creature. This kid will be a pretty good Necromancer if we can raise him well. There’s an old expression, don’t fear the god of war’s blade, but fear the army of bones.* She patted Fang Ci’s shoulder and said sincerely. “Young man, you have promise. Just follow Thorns and Roses and do your best...”

“......” FrozenCloud muttered, “Why does it feel like another team leader is here...”

“They’re going to be a married couple, what do you think...” FrozenBlood slowly said.

Soon, ThornyRose shamelessly allowed Wu Na to share her stats and skills. Wu Na generously showed her. ThornyRose nodded. A battlefield control mage. Even without Shaking Bear’s OP auras, her health and mana were very good. She was on the tougher side for a mage. Oh~ she even had an epic talent. All she lacked was experience. 
