---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 396"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 396: Rice Bowl**

Ye Cang came back with the Masterwork equipment and took back his composite heavy bow. “Tsk tsk, we got another 10 gold. Pity, it wasn’t me who looted it, otherwise we would have at least gotten dark gold equipment...”

“Lend your bow to ElegantFragrance. She’s still using a masterwork one. You have so many ways to attack, and can even rely on your ballista to be a ranged damage dealer. How long does it take to reload?” ThornyRose rolled her eyes, then asked.

“The automatic reload time is longer, over 10 seconds. Manually, I can complete it in under 6 seconds...” Ye Cang thought a bit then replied. He handed the composite heavy bow to ElegantFragrance again, then extended a hand towards ThornyRose with a smile. “Rental fee…”

ThornyRose pointed at Ye Cang for a long time, speechless. Then the sound of grinding teeth was heard. Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded. “We’re all teammates, I’ll wave the rent.”

He spoke, then once again took out the ballista and equipped it over his shoulder. He had temporarily become a dedicated heavy ranged attacker.

“How did you get these dark gold weapons?” ThornyRose was curious. Right now, even gold weapons were as rare as unicorns. As for dark gold, it didn’t even need to be explained.

“We saved the daughter of an important member of the church, then we were rewarded with these. Even the tigerkin Little Ren has a pair of dark gold weapons.” FrozenCloud replied. ThornyRose looked at the pair of swords on the beastkin youngster's waist and shivered. *F\*\*k, even a pet is using dark gold weapons. It’s even a set.* She then looked curiously at the little tambourine drum at Ye Cang’s waist. “This is a bard type instrument equipment right?”

Ye Cang posted the stats for her to see. ThornyRose couldn’t help but sigh at Ye Cang’s diverse equipment. He had an array of cloth, leather, and plate armor. His weapons ranged from near to far, and from magical to musical. This tambourine drum was pretty good. It was equivalent to an extra aura, let alone the fact it even has an attack skill. Most importantly it could interrupt spellcasting and break out of mind controlling effects.

During their march, the wild beasts they killed were all chopped up by Ye Cang. ThornyRose gulped, knowing that when they reached their destination, they would have to eat that heart tearing, lung piercing thing. This was also the cause of the other women’s increasing stress...

“We’ve arrived...” ThornyRose stood on top of a hill and pushed aside the shrubbery. Ye Cang passed by and saw the gloomy cemetery. Compared to the one in Really New Village, one could feel the gloom much more clearly in this one. Little Ye Tian carefully studied it and added it to her map. Cemeteries and undead were very important elements in this sort of fantasy styled game. Usually, the tombs would come with extraordinary rewards, and there would definitely be treasure chests.

Ye Cang looked at the zombies, then at their supply of rotting fluid, and muttered, “I was just thinking we didn’t have enough of this ingredient. These look like much higher grade than the ones in Really New Village...”

ThornyRose and the others began to recall, and had to cover their mouths because of the urge to vomit. He actually put that into their food. FrozenBlood muttered, “Since meeting Team Leader, I’m no longer picky with my food...”

“Alright, A’Xiong, start a fire. Everyone prepare for the food buffs. Rose, I’ve recently learned many cooking skills. The feast at Bal village was only the tip of the iceberg...” Ye Cang smiled proudly.

“......” Everyone was speechless.

Ye Cang prepared a big cooking pot and another pot for frying. He took out many types of mushrooms, both poisonous and non-poisonous, and threw them all in. Then came the zombie flesh, eagle meat, and man-eating sewer rat meat. Everyone knew that the poisonous mushroom’s poison couldn’t even compare to the stink. This was a guaranteed way back to town. 

In the frying pot, Ye Cang used slime gel and wild herbs as coating. He used tenderized demon bear meat and stone skinned boar meat. He smiled at everyone as if he was going to give them a surprise. “I know that it has been a long time since everyone has eaten rice in the game, so I’ve specially prepared it! Porkchop Rice~ Surprise~...”

Everyone shook their heads.

Ye Cang began to cook rice, but the water he used came from the nearby deadly mushroom soup. He then added more water to dilute it. Out of three dishes, two were ready. Ye Cang took out a big wok, and began to fry the guts of various animals with zombie fluid, slime gel, bone powder, wild herbs, and a bit of what the others suspected to be black excrements.

“Team leader, that’s the excrements of the black dragon king. It’s the excrements of the black dragon king!” SpyingBlade was shocked.

“You must have seen wrong. This is a chinese ingredient called black bean. It can be used to enhance taste...” Ye Cang calmly argued.

Stew (can be eaten with rice for a set meal effect), pork chops (can be eaten with rice), stir fry (can be eaten with rice), three types of dishes appeared. The stink rose to the sky, and various colored steams began to surround them. They mix together, spiralling above everyone’s head, not dissipating for a long time. Everyone felt like they could hear screams more terrifying than those of ghosts from inside the whirlpool.

After naming them, Ye Cang wiped the sweat from his forehead. “Help yourself...”

Zombie Mouse Waging War on Poisonous Mushrooms Soup: Eat to recover 5 health a second as well as 1 mana every 2 seconds. Has a chance to cause death. After eating (if you still live) you obtain +8 all attributes, +50 poison resistance, +6 defence, Free Casting - beginner level (Reduce mana cost by 15%). Lasts 6 hours. (Rice Bowl Effect, food effects increase by 15%) Only one of the three could be eaten with rice.

Moss Skinned Bear and Stone Skinned Boar Hybrid Porkchop:  Eat to recover 3 health every second, as well as +13 constitution, +12 strength, +15 defence, and Toughness - beginner level for 6 hours (Rice Bowl Effect, food effects increase by 15%).

Slime and Zombie Fluids Stir Fried Viscera Mashup: Eat to recover 4 health every second, as well as +7 all attributes, +15 all resistances, +7 attack, +8 spell power, and Burst - beginner level for 6 hours (Rice Bowl Effect, food effects increase by 15%).

The food buffs were very impressive, especially the first one, but the food itself had a smell that made their scalps shiver. Was the rice bowl effect trying to increase their suffering? It was better to just get it over with! ThornyRose clenched her jaw. Clearly, it would be best to use the rice bowl effect on the first dish. The massive 50 resistance was poured onto the clearly poisonous rice. Then came the porkchop. She took a deep breath. Her chopsticks flashed, stuffing some viscera into her mouth, then followed up with an instant bite of the porkchop, then she dug into the poisonous mushroom on rice. When the stew began to enter her mouth, she started to feel it. From her mouth to her stomach, a disaster was occuring. It felt like a high speed train had just smashed down her throat, and exploded in her stomach. Her mind began to lose focus...
