---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 398"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "BaronCrux, Blaze"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 398: Ye Cang Succeeds Again

Everyone arrived at the tomb entrance. Little Ye Tian read the inscription. “The owner of this tomb is not of low status. This frame looks shabby, but according to local customs, only nobles are qualified to use this design...”

ThornyRose could only smile stiffly at this walking encyclopedia. She even knew the cultures and customs inside the game… How long had the game been open. “Let’s go… Shaking Bear, take the lead.”

Zhang ZhengXiong brought everyone down to the first floor. The pitch black hall was lined with coffins, and they could sometimes see the shimmer of ghostly fire. One didn’t even need to think to know those were the eyes of skeleton type monsters. Ye Cang got ready to shoot. Meteor Shot! The spiral energy began to condense, then shot down the narrow corridor. Instantly, the ghostly flames disappeared followed by the sound of clattering bones.

ThornyRose smiled bitterly once again. That ballista was truly strong, let alone the penetration from Meteor Shot added onto it. That skill was clearly an epic tier skill, given the speed and penetration. She sighed. She had everyone place torches on the sconces as they advanced, giving them vision.

“The first boss is just around the left, past that broken wall. It’s a pair of bosses, one is a skeleton fighter type boss, the other is a vengeful spirit type boss. It’s a tough fight. We were wiped because our damage was not high enough. The holy classes take too long to build up...” ThornyRose led the way. She explained as she watched Zhang ZhengXiong, the party’s so called ‘priest’. Right now, there was not a single part of him that looked priest-like. He was clearly just a berserker pretending to be a priest. A tank type berserker no less. His shield had become an enormous armguard.

SpyingBlade came to a corner, then reached out and pulled on one of the sconces. A nearby stone wall began to move, revealing a secret passage. “There’s a secret passage here...”

Little Ye Tian began to examine the sconce to find how it was different from the rest. She looked doubtful, there was nothing special about it. *How did he know? Intuition? This is the 73rd sconce from the entrance. Wait, they were counted in pairs! It’s an odd number! The other sconces all came in pairs facing each other. Only this one was by itself, so it is likely a switch. But wait, the sconce is inevitable given the structure...*

ThornyRose froze. As expected of a famous treasure hunter. No treasure can escape his detection. She was looking forward to what would come out of the chest. As she thought till there, she suddenly recalled something. *Dammit!*

The moment Ye Cang heard that it was a secret passage, he had disappeared like a wisp of smoke and charged his way in. *It’s a chest! Witness my divine hand!*

ThornyRose and the others were alarmed. It had been a while since last time so they hadn’t reacted in time! “Hurry and block him!!”

SpyingBlade just snapped out of his thoughts and rushed in. He saw that Ye Cang had already opened the chest, and sighed deeply. He shook his head regretfully at ThornyRose and the others. “It’s over...”

Ye Cang looked at the chest that had nothing at all. *Damn! Someone got to it first! Which dumbass looted the chest and left it here? Too cruel!* He then righteously stood up and shouted, “Too wicked! Someone actually took the loot and left an empty chest here. They better not let me find them!”

Ye Cang turned and was greeted by everyone’s despising gaze. He sighed, “That treasure chest thief is too cruel. I saw a dark figure flash by when I entered...”

Then, a dark figure really dashed through the secret passage, ferociously biting at his face. “Teach you to touch my chest! My gold equipment!!”

“Aaah! It’s not me, it’s the treasure chest thief. He left behind an empty chest!” Ye Cang screamed innocently.

Everyone shook their heads. Not one of them came to save him. Their expressions said it all: ‘It’s all because you’re too unlucky.’ Even Wu Na sighed feeling pity for the treasure chest. It was one from a secret passage, which would definitely have been good. She saw the two of them wrestling on the ground, and couldn’t bear to look straight at it. She glanced to FrozenBlood. “Is it fine to leave them like that...”

FrozenBlood showed her pictures of even more shameful postures. “Their ancestors must have hated each other. From the very first time they met, every few words they speak will have them tearing at each other...”

Wu Na giggled. Although she was somewhat jealous, but seeing ThornyRose’s extremely furious expression, she just couldn’t hate her. “Perhaps...”

FrozenBlood also couldn’t help but feel that it was very comfortable to speak to this Nana girl. Especially that lovable laugh of hers. *Compared to that arrogant one on the ground who doesn’t know restraint... I really have no luck meeting friends. They are clearly all brought up wrong.* If ThornyRose knew that FrozenBlood’s inner thoughts were so similar to her own, perhaps they would really end up fighting it out.

After the farce, everyone turned towards that broken wall that ThornyRose mentioned. Walking at the very back, Ye Cang muttered, “That crazy woman. God damn, sooner or later I’ll blow her head off with a gun to vent the rage in my heart. Lil’Dino, what do you think...”

“Team Leader, that treasure chest is too pitiful. You should stop, sister Rose’s eyes are already red from rager...” FrozenCloud said weakly. Right now was when Team Leader had the most evil tricks, it wouldn’t do to offend him.

“Lil’Dino, you traitor. I treat you so well yet you speak on her behalf...” Ye Cang immediately put a hand on her shoulder and smiled.

“Yeah, yeah. Sister Rose was so mean to Brother Lil’White. Stupid Lil’Dino, you traitor. Brother Lil’White, giver her yearly bonus to Lele...” Lin Le quietly made things worse for her.

“......” FrozenCloud saw that the two were plotting something, and it was definitely not something good. She quickly smiled, “Team Leader, how can I be such a villain! Sister Rose was too cruel!”

“Mm, not bad. That’s the proper attitude... As expected of our good brother...” Ye Cang patted her shoulder gratefully. Lin Le also patted her other shoulder sincerely. “Good brother...”

FrozenCloud could only smile stiffly, because she saw ThornyRose’s glance and mouth the word ‘spy’. Her time as an undercover agent and a spy would eternally be a stain on her record. Only god knows what would happen if she provoked Sister Rose, and Sister Rose told Team Leader. How would Team Leader and Lele would deal with her...

“Alright, stop. Any further and we’ll be within their aggro range. I’ll first assign tasks. Spellcasters will be lead by Little Tian. ElegantFragrance and lowlife will be in charge of ranged support. Prioritize the specter with attribute attacks. A’Xiong, you’re in charge of the specter, don’t let it use any big moves. The melee will focus on taking down the skeleton. I’ll pin it down, FrozenCloud, Sister Lily, you two will be the offtanks! Little Tian, you’re in charge of a lot, but it shouldn’t be a problem...” ThornyRose quickly divided the tasks.

“Let Little Ren deal with the specter. His dual blades are holy attribute weapons which are OP against those types...” SpyingBlade had used one of them before, so knew the dual blades’ stats.
