---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 51"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 51: Innocent Lele
 
"That guy's such a big spender!? He actually spent 10 gold to gamble at the pawnshop and buy those things that no one reclaimed." ThornyRose said amazed after hearing the whistleblower, Lil'Dino's report.
 
"According to what my sister said, it's a mechanism made for gambling for random equipment. The risk is too big." FrozenBlood said after thinking it over.
 
"Can we go have a look too?" GreenDew was tempted.
 
ThornyRose nodded. They arrived at the pawn shop, and wasted 5 gold coins, only getting 2 pieces of fine quality accessories. On the way out, they slammed the door shut. If they knew the stats on Ye Cang's ring, they would have probably become even more flustered. Their only comfort was that the items weren't completely useless, otherwise it really would have been a complete waste.

Really New Village, early morning, in Rica's general store. Ye Cang's group was resupplying. He upgraded his arrows to normal arrows, graduating from those shoddy ones he used before. FrozenCloud discovered that when these guys bought things here, it was cheaper than usual. She was amazed at how well they got along with Rica. Lin Le even played with her grandson Jesse.  
 
"Granny Rica, were the black werewolves really people from the village?" Ye Cang looked at Rica who was knitting a sweater and asked. With her age, she would definitely know the truth.
 
"Mm, at that time I was still very young. After the wolf god degenerated, it was a catastrophe. My significant other also died in that battle against the werewolves. The mayor at that time was our current mayor's father. Under his guidance, we managed to drive them away, but that was just the beginning of the nightmare. The depths of the northern forest has become their paradise, so you all should be careful. Those things have already lost all human nature." Rica stared blankly, thinking back to those times, then looked towards them and warned.
 
Ye Cang crossed his arms and nodded. He suddenly realised that every time they visited, they had never brought a gift. He took out a large drumstick from the monstrous bird and put it on the table. "You can make something good for Jesse with this."
 
"It's actually a monstrous bird! It's been so many years since I've eaten it. It's too precious, I can't receive it." Rica looked at Jesse's hungry eyes, and quickly took out her money pouch. Ye Cang reached out to stop her and shook his head. "Don't mind it. Granny Rica, you always take such good care of us when we visit. This is our heartfelt thanks."
 
"Exactly! Granny Rica, don't be a stranger." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled brightly.
 
Rica looked at the four people's smiles and faintly smiled back. They're all such good children. She didn't continue to refuse.
 
Ye Cang tidied up his arrows and brought the three others to the doorway. "We're going now." 
 
"Be careful on your journey!" Rica waved as she warned them. Little Jesse also waved at them frantically.
 
The door chime rang, and the four of them left the general store.   
"Bro, our food delivery is here, let's get off and eat breakfast." Zhang ZhengXiong reminded him. Ye Cang looked towards FrozenCloud. "Lil'Dino, you should also go eat breakfast, then come meet us back here."
 
FrozenCloud hadn't eaten breakfast in a long time as she usually skipped it, but she still nodded her head. Seeing the three of them go offline, she leaned against a fence and closed her eyes to rest.
 
Ye Cang slowly got up from bed. Zhang ZhengXiong was at the door getting their food. Lin Le pointed at Wu Na who was still in the game and looked like she was fighting an intense battle. Ye Cang was full of curiosity as he sent a message over. "Breakfast time..."
 
"You guys eat first! I'm fighting a boss over here! Save me a portion! Ok, no more talking. Eat my lesser wind blade!" Wu Na quickly replied.
 
Ye Cang faintly smiled and closed the chat. "This silly girl... she's fighting a boss. Let's eat first."
 
After eating breakfast, the three of them returned to the game. They met up with the waiting FrozenCloud and arrived at the northern exit of town. ThornyRose and the three girls were already there too, waiting for them. They called from afar: "Yo, where are you guys going? Are you ditching us to finish the follow up quest?"
 
Ye Cang frowned and thought: "Were they stalking us this whole time? Impossible, if there was someone following us, either me or A'Xiong would feel it. And I didn't tell them where we were going. Don't tell me!?" He quietly whispered "There's a spy amongst us..."
 
FrozenCloud watch as Ye Cang turned his head and carefully examined each of them with sharp eyes. Finally he looked at his own chest. Her heart sank, did he find out!? 
 
Ye Cang's eyes furious looked up and towards Lele. "Lele! It's definitely you and your big mouth!!"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong sighed. "I knew it."
 
"Really? Hey hey, I don't remember telling Sister Rose." Lin Le rubbed his head and smiled.
 
Ye Cang felt a bit resentful as he looked towards the sky.
 
FrozenCloud let out a sigh of relief.
 
ThornyRose and the girls looked over puzzled, what were they doing over there? They slowly walked over. "I've also notified SpyingBlade and he's on his way. You conscienceless bastard."
 
"Actually we only just received the news and were about to message you, but you were already here. We really are a close knit team. Come ~give~me~five!!." Ye Cang said without a trace of shame or any other reaction. He slowly raised his hand, and held it in midair. He saw ThornyRose silently glaring at him, so he awkwardly retrieved his hand.  
 
"What's the quest?" ThornyRose sighed and asked.
 
"Give me a highfive and I'll tell you." Ye Cang said, making ThornyRose helplessly roll her eyes. She weakly reached out and patted his hand.
 
"Actually, I didn't tell you because it's not really a clearly defined quest. We just need to investigate the northern forest and find out what the black werewolves are doing." Ye Cang said, hiding the real request. His real objective was to retrieve the jewels for the mayor. He also kept it a secret that the werewolves were actually past residents of Really New Village corrupted by the evil wolf. That story was definitely important later. "The mayor asked us to scout a bit and help out with any threats against Really New Village. We were just going to take a quick look and come back, nothing else! I was going to let you all rest a bit before the big fight later. Hah..."
 
ThornyRose and the three girls looked at them expressionlessly and said in a cold voice. "That right...?"
 
"Brother Lil'White, so awesome." Lin Le said full of respect. Zhang ZhengXiong gave him a cold glance.
 
"Pinky swear!" Ye Cang said with a clear conscience.
 
ThornyRose walked up to him, and leaned close to his cheek. She turned her head and smiled before quietly whispering: "Jewels..."
 
Ye Cang's heart sank. He turned around and roared at Lin Le: "Damn Lele! No allowance for you today!"
 
Lin Le pouted, his ahoge trembled resentfully. "I really didn't say..."
 
FrozenCloud quickly pulled Lin Le aside to placate him. She quietly whispered: "Your allowance today, I'll give it to you..."
 
"Really!?" Lin Le said immediately cheering up.
 
"How much?" FrozenCloud quietly asked.
 
Lin Le held up 5 fingers. FrozenCloud sent over 5000 Federal dollars. "That should be enough right?"
 
Lin Le looked at his account and saw he had a lot of money! For Lele, whose daily allowance was only 500 federal dollars, this was a fortune. He quietly nodded acting like a child who was bribed. He then made a naive smile and said: "Lil'Dino, you're the best~"
 
FrozenCloud found Lin Le amusing and couldn't refrain from petting him. He was really like a child, even though he was around the same age as her.