---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 55"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 55: Secret Stash**
 
Ye Cang wanted to loot it, but before he could even raise his hand, a familiar silhouette pounced on him, and he felt a soft feeling. "Eh~ it's the crazy old lady." 
 
FrozenBlood made an odd expression. It looked like it had really become a reflex. 
 
No one was surprised by it anymore. Lin Le shrugged and walked over to loot the body.
 
ThornyRose's heart ached at her own bravery. Her body had moved before her mind even realised what was happening. It had become a reflex to prevent that filthy hand from touching the corpse. She absentmindedly got up and sadly looked towards the hole in the ceiling feeling extremely depressed. "What's wrong with me. What evils did my ancestors commit to deserve this. Before meeting that bastard, I was Miss Rose. Not just in china, but in the whole world, I could be considered one of the top 100 players. I've actually become like this..."
 
"There will be a day. No one can stop me! I will definitely loot a boss and obtain divine equipment! Humph!" Ye Cang also indignantly crossed his arms and looked towards that same hole in the ceiling. "This hand of mine was born to loot divine equipment! These mortals are too superstitious." 
 
FrozenBlood arrived beside ThornyRose and sighed as she patted her shoulder. "Right now, BornFlirty definitely hasn't done as well as us. Does that make you feel any better?"
 
ThornyRose thought "That's right, that dumb b\*\*\*h definitely hasn't done as well as I have." and felt much better. Then she thought of the food she had been eating, that even beggars wouldn't eat, and that scared monsters till they peed themselves. She thought of all the suffering and bitterness she had experienced. Was this her fate? She sighed and crossed her arms. She looked towards Ye Cang who also had his arms crossed and was looking towards the ceiling. The grinding of her teeth echoed throughout the basement. This cursed perverted lowlife, it's all his fault!
 
FrozenBlood looked between ThornyRose and Ye Cang, and smiled. It seemed like her hate towards him was a level above her hate towards BornFlirty.
 
Meanwhile, Lin Le was praying at the body. "Lil'Tay, rest in peace. Go to heaven and join your wife and daughter."
 
"Brother Lil'White, Sister Rose, we got a necklace, a scroll, and a something something treasure map." Lin Le said, taking out three things from the boss.
 
"Treasure map!?" SpyingBlade said interested. As a treasure hunter, there was nothing more attractive than a treasure map with a chest at the end.
 
Ye Cang quickly took the three things.
 
Tayce's Protective Charm (Superior - Demonic)
 
Category: Necklace
 
Requirements: None
 
+2 Strength
 
+2 Dexterity
 
+3 Constitution
 
Wolverine Strike (Rare - Beginner Level): Perform an attack as ferocious as a wolverine dealing 160% damage with a chance to stun the target. Cost: 20 Rage or Energy. Cooldown: 1 minute (Required: Grappler or Ranger)
 
Tayce's secret stash: Before becoming corrupted, Tayce hid a few treasures from his wife and daughter. (PS: Men... Hah~)
 
ThornyRose speechlessly looked at the treasure map. She thought of that one night, her father was again being scolded by her mother. That night, she had accidently found her father's secret stash. It was actually in a hidden space behind her bed. Then her father had tried to bribe her... what a pitiful father. She shook her head, snapping out of her thoughts. She looked at the necklace which increased the 3 basic attributes. Whether it's defensive or offensive classes, they would all want it. "Everyone except GreenDew can use the necklace. What do you think?" 
 
"Oh, then let's roll." Ye Cang calmly proposed. It was rejected by ThornyRose's group's shout: "Get Lost!" 
 
"Let's do this then. The skillbook can go to Lil'Dino, and we'll bid for the necklace." ThornyRose said after thinking it over. FrozenCloud was hers and she was a grappler. It was much better to let her learn it then to let this stupid jack of all trades get it.
 
Ye Cang crossed his arms and thought for a bit. Lil'Dino was his companion, so he wouldn't fight over it. It would be more useful for her anyways. He gave the book directly to FrozenCloud. "Here." 
 
"Thanks everyone." FrozenCloud took the book and learned it. With this skill, her power would rise by quite a bit. This grappler skill was too important for her.
 
"What about the treasure map?" SpyingBlade was tempted by the necklace, but if they auctioned it, he could only take out a couple gold so it wasn't good for him. Plus he already had a useable necklace, although it was much worse than this one, it was still excellent quality.
 
"Let's decide after we find it, bid on the necklace first. Starting with 2 gold." No one objected to ThornyRose's words.
 
"2 gold." SpyingBlade bid.
 
"3 gold." Ye Cang directly raised by 1 gold.
 
ThornyRose frowned, did this bastard want her to bleed? Any higher would be hard on her wallet. Although 3 gold was regarded as cheap for this necklace, but gold was just too important. When they reached the next town at level 10, there would be too many uses for it. "Pass."
 
"Pass" SpyingBlade also passed. Ye Cang took out 3 gold coins, and except for himself, everyone got about 40 silver. He ended up getting about 1 gold and 30 silver back from his brothers. It really wasn't expensive. He slowly replaced his +1 damage wolf tooth necklace. Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le and FrozenCloud had already received a similar necklace at the pawnshop, so they didn't really mind. 
 
The remaining body was collected by Ye Cang. Everyone realised this was probably going to end up in their stomachs, and felt like vomiting. They watched as Ye Cang took out the iron pot and quickly stopped him.
 
"Use healing stream and heal each of us once." ThornyRose quickly said. She didn't know why, but Ye Cang's healing stream was a lot more potent than before. If she knew, she would definitely flip out. She thought that he had added many points into intelligence and wisdom, and even had some spell power raising equipment. Her sight happened to fall upon his tear-drop ring. It should be that ring. Too bad, it would have been so great on GreenDew.  
 
Ye Cang thought for a bit and agreed. It would be good to save on ingredients. Mana that is not spent is useless anyways. He chanted and cast healing stream to restore everyone's health.
 
Afterwards, under SpyingBlade's guidance, they made it through the dense fog and found the treasure. It was in an old wooden hunting cabin that was really worn down. It looked like no-one had been here for a very long time. Under the fireplace, they found a small wooden box.
 
There was 20 gold and 2 gold bars, making everyone happy. This was a considerable income. Ye Cang's group took in total 10 gold coins and 1 gold bar. The rest would be distributed by ThornyRose.
 
After splitting the loot, the party returned to Really New Village. It was already 12 in the afternoon. They received Wu Na's reminder to eat lunch.
 
"We're going to go eat. We'll message you when we're back." Ye Cang said and the three of them quickly logged out. They left everyone else speechless. All that was left was handing in the quest, would they die if they ate a bit later!?
 
"Those three guys, They're actually really punctual with their daily activity. They never forget to eat, drink and whatever else." ThornyRose looked at where they disappeared and helplessly smiled.