---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 56"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 56: Investigating Their Past**
 
"They didn't say a time." SpyingBlade frowned.
 
"I thought of something from yesterday." GreenDew recalled.
 
"What?" ThornyRose asked confused.
 
"'Sisters', it seems like they are pretty crazy over it. The whole way back, Lele was telling me and Lil'Green all about it. I originally wanted to watch it, but after so many spoilers, I've lost interest." FrozenBlood looked at ThornyRose and explained.
 
ThornyRose facepalmed, it turns out they were really planning to watch that crappy drama. She sighed heavily. Next time she'll get his virtual ID's number too, to call him outside the game.
 
"I'm gonna go, notify me if anything happens." SpyingBlade said and directly left.
 
Ye Cang's apartment.
 
"Wow! Today's food looks so delicious too!!" Lin Le said, abnormally excited.
 
"Today's is also the healthy vegetable and meat set B from next door." Wu Na rolled her eyes and said.
 
"It's really too delicious..." Zhang ZhengXiong said feeling moved as he wolfed it down.
 
Ye Cang held his lunchbox and felt defeated. "Hah~ It looks like I still have a ways to go."
 
Wu Na sighed heavily at these ridiculous guys. "I heard Sister Li say that our leader has been angered by 3 dumb guys. Now she's in a bad mood all the time."
 
"Hah~ that's not surprising. There are many idiots every year. This year there are especially many, such as the crazy ones that bite people." Ye Cang faintly sighed.
 
"Burp~ I'm going to take a nap, Goodnight everyone." Lin Le said, after eating his fill.
 
"Nana, Bro, I'm going to go work out." Zhang ZhengXiong also finished and said. He lazily stretched then directly left to head upstairs.
 
Wu Na wiped her mouth, cleaned up the table, and put the lunch boxes outside the front door. She then went to the balcony to get some sun and stretch. She looked really skinny in her tanktop and shorts. Soon, she returned back inside and turned up the fan before wiggling her butt climbing onto the top bed. "I'm going back to the game. Sister Li and the others are still waiting for me and at night I have to practice with the band. How about you? Are you gonna watch TV and then watch 'Sisters' with Lele?"
 
"The weather is pretty good, I'll go up to the roof and get some sun." Ye Cang slowly got up and smiled.
 
"Right, what level are you guys?" Wu Na recalled that Ye Cang and them should be pretty strong. They just earned 2 million federal dollars the other day.
 
Ye Cang originally wanted to say he was already past level 8, but thinking it over, he replied: "Almost 8."
 
"So amazing. Myself, Sister Li and the girls are only level 6. After level 5, you need a lot more experience. Oh right, remember to save some equipment for me!" Wu Na said as she lay down.
 
"Understood..." Ye Cang said as he watched her connect into the game, then left the room.
 
On the spacious rooftop.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong was supporting himself upside down on one finger. He saw Ye Cang slowly walking over. "Bro, I can already open the 2nd genetic lock."
 
"Mm, be careful and don't be too impatient." Ye Cang said, leaning on the railing while looking at the distant scenery and enjoying the warm breeze.
 
"I know." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled and continued his exercise. Ye Cang looked around at the scenery. The atmosphere was friendly and harmonious. 
 
Third Administration Building.
 
"This is Zhang ZhengXiong's background information. I also checked Ye Cang and Lin Le while I was at it." The ponytailed female commander entered her ID into a terminal and it showed her name 'Li LiJia'.
 
The middle aged, scholarly man took the documents and loaded them onto his terminal. He typed in his ID, and his information popped up. Zhang ShaoFeng, LinHai City College's Board Member.
 
Zhang ShaoFeng looked at the results of the investigation. Most of it was not new. Zhang ZhengXiong was born in LinHai and grew up in the slums. He had an older sister, Zhang QinXue. His father was a heavy drinker and easily angered, and his mother died early. The brother and sister were often mistreated and beaten. Several times they were almost killed. To survive, Zhang QinXue had brought him with her and ran away from home. Afterwards, for reasons unknown, they ended up living in the normal residential area with Ye Cang, and the three became dependent on each other. At that time, Zhang ZhengXiong was only 10, Zhang QinXue was 16. Due to curiosity, he stopped there and took out Ye Cang's documents. It was even more interesting. He was actually abandoned as a baby and picked up near a river by an old woman who owned a flower shop, Zhao Lili. When he was 9 years old, she died of old age. He had no relatives, and he was adamant about not going to an orphanage. Because of his strange appearance, no one wanted to take him in, so he continued to live in Zhao Lili's old apartment by himself. After a while, he started living with Zhang ZhengXiong and Zhang QinXue. Zhang QinXue started running the flower shop, and although they couldn't be considered well off, they also didn't live too badly. Unfortunately when they were 16, because of brain cancer, Zhang QinXue chose to jump off a bridge and commit suicide.
 
At this point, the middle aged man was filled with sorrow. When Li LiJia was investigating, she also felt some pity.
 
Afterwards, there wasn't much information. Mostly a bunch of ordinary things. Ye Cang lived in seclusion. Zhang ZhengXiong managed to complete his studies. Not long after, both of them moved to LinHai's east district to attend College. For some reason, all the criminals in the east district were afraid of them. Another strange thing was that in highschool, Zhang ZhengXiong's physique was extremely ordinary. Compared with him now, it would be like the difference between heaven and earth.
 
On the other side, Lin Le's story was also very interesting. All three of these guys were orphans. This Lin Le was a typical orphan. He grew up in XinYun city's orphanage. Because of his low IQ and wisdom, he was often bullied by the other kids, however he was still extremely optimistic. He went to a government run school for orphans until he was in highschool. That was when Song Xin and her fiance went over for some volunteer activity. At that time, there was an earthquake, almost everyone was trapped under rubble, and there were even many deaths. From then on, Song Xin renounced the Sun house, cancelled her engagement, and took Lin Le away from the orphanage; sending him to this college. Reading the end, his mouth hung wide open. Wasn't this too suspenseful? That Song Xin had actually become his girlfriend!!? What exactly happened during that time!?
 
"I was also really curious when I read that. Song Xin actually gave up the chance to be the imperial capital's Sun house's first wife and chose to be with this guy that could almost be considered a handicapped person. He doesn't even have any family background." Li LiJia didn't understand. These three were all shrouded in misery and mystery.
 
"Well I more or less understand them now. The main point is Zhang ZhengXiong, find a good time to discuss with him." Zhang ShaoFeng said, but he still felt it wasn't as simple as it seemed. There wasn't much information about the three, especially Ye Cang, after their childhood. Actually, there was barely any. The little bits were so normal that it seemed strange.

---

TN: Dam, that's sad...