---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 59"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 59: Blue Scaled Fishman Tribe**
 
"Then let's go check it out while it's not dark out." ThornyRose nodded.
 
"Brother Lil'White, I want to make my handcart. Help me make my handcart first." Lin Le's words confused everyone. Handcart? Ye Cang had Lin Le show him the list of materials. There wasn't anything difficult, they could get everything at Granny Rica's store. Ye Cang nodded and said: "Let's meet up at the southeast gate in half an hour."
 
Crude Peddlers Handcart (Small Handcart - Common): Can carry a certain amount of items. Makes it easier to sell the items in the cart. Damage dealt with cart related skills +15%. Can be summoned and dismissed.
 
ThornyRose nodded and didn't argue. She figured it had to do with his hidden class. Since it would be finished quickly, then might as well wait for it. "Ok, we'll wait for you there."
 
Saying that, ThornyRose brought the others to leave first. Ye Cang brought his group of three to Rica's store. He found some timber and other parts, and let Lin Le build his handcart. A two meter long, four wheeled, wooden cart was created.
 
"Brother Lil’White, this cart can hold so much stuff and we can set it up as a stall wherever we go." Lin Le smiled and giggled with his new toy.
 
Ye Cang thought it over. It was pretty good, he could use it as a small storage. He took all the fishman and werewolf meat and put it inside, yet it only took up a small portion of the cart. He set the price of the meat to 2 silver per pound. Then Lin Le recalled it causing it to dissapear before everyone’s eyes. 
 
"Granny Rica, do you know anything about the fishmen?" Ye Cang asked.
 
"Mm, how should I say it. They’ve lived at Riley river outside of Really New Village for thousands of years, so they were here long before the human settlers first arrived. Most of the time, both sides would just mind their own business. Although both sides don’t think well of each other, but it rarely causes any conflict. On the rare occasions we fight, there are never any grudges. Afterall, it’s very difficult for humans to fight in the water against aquatic creatures." Rica said quietly while wiping the table.
 
Having not learned anything new, Ye Cang brought his party to meet up with ThornyRose. They faced the southeast and walked towards Riley River, then following the riverbank. ThornyRose noticed that she had an extra buff. Aura of Vigor? Strength and Constitution +2? Too good! It would give everyone more health! She looked around, but it didn’t take much effort to learn who the aura belonged to. It definitely belonged to Zhang ZhengXiong. This was an aura that only priests and paladins could have. The other had also noticed and all praised it in their hearts.
 
Eventually, they met a group of blue scaled fishmen. Ye Cang stepped forwards showing his ring and used his blue scaled fishman honorary warrior title. They were then guided to the fishman village which was situated at a wider part of the river.
 
A fishman sage guided Ye Cang and his party to the current chief - Yoji’s tent.
 
Everyone watched as Ye Cang started chatting and laughing with the huge fishman. All they heard were gurgling noises and other nonsense. Then the two embraced. The rest of the party felt awkward, just what the heck was going on?
 
Ye Cang returned to them and explained. "In order to obtain chief Yoji’s trust, we have to help out and gain the trust of the villagers. Only then will their high priests be willing to discuss an alliance against the werewolves."
 
"So we have to stay in the blue scaled fishman village and accept the villager's quests?" SpyingBlade asked, raising his eyebrow.
 
"That's right..." Ye Cang nodded.
 
"Then let's hurry and get some quests to earn the villager's trust. None of us understand fishman language, so we have to depend on you." ThornyRose crossed her arms and said.
 
Ye Cang brought everyone to walk around the village. Under Ye Cang's recommendation, they received quite a few quests. They went on land to hunt feral wolves and violent bears, then they went into the river to catch freshwater shrimp. They babysat little fishmen, helped the elderly hunt for shellfish, and even helped female fishmen find mates. After three days, everyone was feeling tired, but they managed to get quite a bit of experience and money. After every mission, they would also receive a blue scale. They could use it to exchange for items in the armory. Ye Cang had received the most, after all, he had to be there for every quest to translate. After receiving some scales, they save them up, and continue to do quests that they didn't understand. After completing more missions, the high priest - Vasiyas, who could speak human, appeared and interacted with them several times. Eventually they also managed to learn some basic fishman language so now they could, with difficulty, accept repeated quests without Ye Cang. Time passed quickly, and everyone's prestige advanced from strangers to respected while Ye Cang became worshipped. Since he could cast healing stream, he healed many villagers and was eventually promoted from honorary warrior to elder shaman.
 
In the chief's tent
 
Ye Cang and the chief were speaking and making gurgling sounds. Everyone only managed to understand about half of it and were still puzzled. Ye Cang then shook the chief’s hand before returning to the party. "Let’s go, chief Yoji has agreed. Now we need to find the Head of the high priests - Vasiyas and bring him to go see mayor Mar for negotiations." 
 
ThornyRose sighed regretfully. It would be good if they could stay a few more days, they were almost level 10. The quests here were easy, numerous, and the rewards were generous. In these few days she had earned about 10 gold, not including the value of the equipment she received.
 
"Perfect, we are all at least respected now. Since we all have quite a few scales, let’s go look to the armory and see what we can trade for." SpyingBlade reminded everyone.
 
"Good idea, let’s go see what good stuff they have..." FrozenBlood nodded.
 
"Then let’s go..." Ye Cang brought the party to the military area, not far from the chief’s tent.
 
"Sir elder shaman and brave warriors, do you need anything?" The armory’s keeper respectfully saluted.
 
Everyone looked through the items they could trade for, and felt their heartbeat accelerate. There were healing items, weapons, armors, accessories, and even skillbooks!
 
Ye Cang had the highest prestige and the most scales so could pick from a much bigger list than the others. He had 210 scales while the other had 100 something. He looked at all the sparkling items and his gaze landed on a black carving of a fishman.
 
Figurine of Kilaris (Superior - Glorious)
 
Category: Accessory
 
Requirements: None
 
+3 All Attributes
 
Kilaris’ Seamless Combo: Upon activation, become a shadow and perform 5 rapid attacks at a target. Each Attack deals 50% damage and can activate on-hit abilities. During the duration of the skill, you are immune to damage. Cooldown: 3 hours.
 
PS: The hero fish - Kilaris, the mightiest blue scaled fishman chief. He once repelled numerous invading tribes. Now he has become Riley River’s guardian diety!!
