---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 61"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

TN: Sorry everyone, perk -> talent because perk points just sounds wierd.

---

**Chapter 61: Vice-Director**
 
Regarding the world-wide announcement, everyone reacted differently. For example, the 'Beauties at the Crossfire' guild leader BornFlirty roared furiously: "That b\*\*\*h actually got the first world-wide announcement! Aah! Investigate that PaleSnow!" 
 
Somewhere, a member of the Flame Dragon Union, an exceptionally imposing man, faintly raised his eyebrows. He then said arrogantly: "Good... That girl... Whatever, I'll crush them later anyways. Trash..."
 
CloudDragon faintly smiled. However, there were only two people in China that could truly be his opponent. One was that arrogant warlord, that guy who thinks the world revolves around him, FlameEmperor. The other was the NalanPureSoul. The rest weren't much. Although ThornyRose was not bad, but she wasn't worth his attention.
 
The scene returned to Ye Cang.
 
The Head High Priest took out took out a golden scale and handed it to him. "Take it."
 
Ye Cang was overjoyed. This was the Blue Scaled Fishman's gold scale. It could be exchanged at the armory for the best equipment. He quickly put it away. "Thank you Head High Priest."
 
"You don't have to be so formal, you're our pioneer - PaleSnow." Vasiyas patted his shoulder and smiled. He then left the city hall, and took all the fishmen to head back to their home.
 
Now there was only Ye Cang and Mar in the room.
 
"This time's matter, you handled it very well. Good kid, looks like my judgement was really not wrong. From now on, you're the vice-director of the werewolf suppression plan. Of course, I'm the director. This is a personal reward for you." Mar was extremely happy.
 
"Congratulations. You've become the vice-director of Really New Village. Receive 1500 experience, 15 gold, 3 gold bars, one class talent point, and one random talent."
 
"Congratulations. You've received the class talent Azeroth's Magic Proficiency (Heroic - Beginner Level): +5 Intelligence. Intelligence is increased by 10% of all stats. Spell power and Spell focus are increased by 30% of your intelligence."
 
"PS: Alonso Azeroth, a dark elf who was extremely famous for his magic and his bowmanship. He protected his allied army during the Heavenly Catastrophe. In spite of his own injuries at the time, he forcefully cast a spell: Starfall. His body disappeared becoming countless meteorites that rained down upon the enemy army, making an indelible contribution to the war. He had saved mankind and all the wandering bards sang his story. The falling star, Alonso Azeroth. 
 
Eh, this talent was currently not that useful. The only spell he had was minor healing stream. However he saw that it had a rare type - 'Heroic', and it came with the story of a hero, so he thought it must be pretty awesome. Indeed, just considering Intelligence and Magic, it was really amazing. It was likely he now had the highest Intelligence and Spellpower in the game. As for the talent point, he originally wanted to add it to his new Heroic talent, however it said his rank was not high enough. Thinking it over, he added it to Ranger's Mashup Spirit.
 
"Ranger's Mashup Spirit (Rare - Intermediate Level): +4 All attributes, and all weapon proficiencies. You can choose any equipment (including weapons), the restrictions to equip it will be reduced by 50%. Can only affect two item at a time. Only works on yourself."
 
Ye Cang looked at his stats.
 
Character: PaleSnow 
 
Level: 9
 
Race: Half-Elf
 
Gender: Male
 
Class: Trainee Ranger
 
Titles: Blue Scaled Pioneer, Really New Village's Diplomat Hero
 
Achievements: Friend of the Fishmen
 
Strength: 29
 
Dexterity: 27
 
Constitution 25
 
Intelligence: 28 + 11
 
Wisdom: 19
 
+17 Spell Power
 
+10 Spell Focus
 
Damage: 23 - 34
 
Health: 104 / 104
 
Mana: 97 / 97
 
Rage: 0  / 10
 
Energy: 100 / 100
 
Racial Characteristics
 
Diplomat (Human - Promoted): Obtain +25% prestige. Raises social ability.
 
Learned (Human): Every 10 levels, gain an additional common talent point.
 
Graceful (Dark Elf): + 1 Dexterity and another 1 every 5 levels. Gain + 1 with bows.
 
Magic Power (Sunfury Elf): +1 Intelligence and another 1 every 5 levels.
 
Aquatic Killer (Blue Scaled Fishman): Deal an additional 10% damage to aquatic creatures. Your swim speed and diving time have increased substantially
 
Class Talents: Heart of a Ranger (Beginner Level), Ranger's Mashup Spirit (Intermediate Level), Azeroth's Magic Proficiency (Beginner Level).
 
Common Talent: Clever and Deft.
 
Class Skills: Precise Shot / Strike, Rapid Fire.
 
Common Skills: Minor Healing Stream, Straight Thrust, Double Shot, Mirror Image.
 
Ye Cang happily clenched his fist. He could now be considered an expert, a talented professional player. Well it was natural given his luck and his divine hand.
 
"Go invite your teammates in to get their rewards." Mar reminded him. Ye Cang nodded. He went out and called everyone in. Zhang ZhengXiong and the other 2 handed their 5 gold over to Ye Cang, totalling 15. ThornyRose was extremely happy, they actually got a talent point! This was something that one would never have enough of. SpyingBlade was also moved. However, the 7 of them didn't get a class talent.
 
"Ok, you can go now. I have to take care of the issues involving the fishman tribe. I'll get someone to inform you if there's any news on the werewolves. Oh right, white hair, you stay behind. My wife wants to meet you." Mar said, expelling them. Ye Cang was staying again, ThornyRose secretly thought. It was almost the last time, just the werewolves left. She looked towards him, it seemed he had another quest. She didn't say anything and brought everyone out.
 
"A'Xiong, Lele, Lil'Dino, you guys wait for me at the general store." Ye Cang calmly said.
 
"Got it, bro." Zhang Zheng Xiong brought the other two and left.
 
Mar brough Ye Cang to a small path in the courtyard out back and asked with a smile: "You're a half-elf?"
 
Ye Cang hesitated, but nodded his head in the end. "Mm."
 
"Don't worry, my wife is also a half-elf. Although many humans look down on them as a lowly race and elves think they are impure, but I don't believe any of that. You're the best parts of humans and elves, and possess heaven defying talent. During the Heavenly Catastrophe, the magician with the greatest contribution was a half-elf. The Furious Red Lotus - Vivian. Although she later led a half-elf uprising and received the combined retaliation of both humans and elves. That final battle brought about the death of most of the half elves."

---

TN: Why do I get the feeling Ye Cang will lead his own half-elf uprising now.