---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 63"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: So masterwork is back as a rank above superior... Mostly cause I can't think of a better name. But it sounds pretty cool. Let's hope we can get some legendary stuff next.

---

**Chapter 63: Mystery Boxes**
 
Ye Cang directly brought his group to the armory. He looked at the things he could get with his Legendary prestige. Every one of them required a golden scale. Most of them were above Superior quality. His sight landed on a box.
 
Mystery Item Box: An unknown mysterious item inside. Friend, try your luck.
 
The cost was enormous, besides the golden scale, it required over 500 normal scales. Ye Cang became extremely excited. "A’Xiong, Lele, Lil’Dino, hurry and give me your scales!"
 
"What for?" Zhang ZhengXiong doubtfully asked. He was already about to exchange for some superior quality legplates.
 
FrozenCloud also hesitated. The hundred and something scales she had was considered a lot. She wanted to exchange for some good equipment. She quickly asked: "Team Leader, did you find something special?"
 
Ye Cang showed everyone the mystery box that you could only exchange for with legendary prestige. "This thing requires 550 scales and a gold scale. I have a gold one, but not enough of the others. If we pool our resources, we can probably barely get enough." 
 
FrozenCloud pondered. If they couldn’t exchange for it, then it must require a prestige higher than worshipped. She looked at the other items that Ye Cang showed them and her heart beat excitedly. They were all amazing items, many of which were Masterwork quality which would be the best in the game at this point. As for the golden scale, perhaps he’s the only one in the game who had one. It was probably an extra reward he got from the mission, after all, he was the leader and initiator. She slowly nodded and handed her scales over. 
 
"Brother Lil’White, here!" Lin Le said indifferently and handed over all his scales.
 
"Bro, once you get it, you have to let Lele open it, otherwise our rewards will go to waste." Zhang ZhengXiong handed his over while warning him.
 
"You guy’s don’t trust my divine hand!?" Ye Cang solemnly said.
 
The three of them, without any hesitation, nodded like little chicks eating seeds.
 
"Hah~ You all make me disappointed. Fine, Lele can open it. You’ll regret it though!" Ye Cang received all their scales and it was just enough. He exchanged them for the mystery box and resisted the urge to open it. He held it in his hands that were ceaselessly shaking. Zhang ZhengXiong couldn’t take it anymore. He quickly grabbed it and threw it towards Lin Le. Then, like a mother hen protecting her chicks, he spread his arms and protected Lin Le behind him. "Lele, hurry and open it! Bro is losing it!!"
 
"..." FrozenCloud was shocked, but thinking it over, this was how it had always been. That insane need to loot chests and corpses. She saw Ye Cang feint and break through Zhang ZhengXiong’s guard. Her heart trembled, and quickly moved to block him. She looked at Lin Le who was still performing some sort of prayer and shouted: "Hurry!"
 
Lin Le slowly opened the box. "Brother Lil’White, Brother Lil’Xiong, Lil’Dino, there’s so much stuff in here!!"
 
Ye Cang woke up from his madness. A lot of stuff!? The three of them quickly surrounded the box and looked at the things inside.
 
Steal Spell (Rare - Beginner Level): Activate the moment an enemy would complete a spell. If successful, you take the spell and send it to another target of your choosing. If the new target isn’t decided within 2 seconds, receive backlash losing a portion of your health and mana. The rate of success is dependant on the timing, the alertness of your target, the strength of the spell, and your understanding of the magic. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 15 Mana. (Requirements: 30 Intelligence, 15 Wisdom. PS: The difficulty of this skill is very high, be careful.)
 
Minor Healing Light (Beginner Level): Chant two lines (2 seconds), and heal the target for 10 health. Affected by Intelligence, Wisdom, and Spell Power. Requires a faith based class. Cooldown: 10 seconds. Cost: 4 mana. (Recommended class: priest, paladin, or any other faith based classes).
 
Shouryuukenn (Beginner Level): Perform an uppercut against your target, dealing 175% damage with a chance to send the target airborne. Cost: 10 Rage and 15 Energy. Restricted to: Grappler, Knight.
 
Execute (Rare - Beginner Level): Perform a finishing strike on the target dealing 300% damage. Requires the target to be weakened, stunned, or confused. Using this skill will consume all your rage, increasing the damage by 1% for each point of rage consumed. (Additive with the 300% for a maximum of 400%). Cooldown: 5 minutes. (Requires a heavy weapon. Light weapons will only deal half the damage)
 
Rapid Thrusts (Rare - Beginner Level): Perform 4 quick thrusts against a target, each dealing 55% damage. Cost: 20 energy. Cooldown: 1 minute.
 
Standard Knight’s Legplates (Masterwork - Standardized)
 
Category: Medium Plate
 
Requirements: 30 Constitution, 15 Strength
 
+7 Defence
 
+5 Constitution
 
+2 Strength
 
6% Damage Resistance
 
Blue Scaled Tribal Warrior’s Belt (Masterwork - Standardized)
 
+3 Defence
 
+3 Strength
 
+3 Dexterity
 
+2 Constitution
 
The three of them stared, flabbergasted. Wasn’t this too much!? 5 skillbooks and two top quality equipment. There was even an additional 2 gold bars, 10 gold coins, and a flawed beryl. All the skills were useful, especially Spell Steal and Execute. If used well, they were truly OP. 

FrozenCloud looked through the items. Spell Steal would take a lot of practice and training to learn, it was a high difficulty skill. It even required a massive 30 intelligence, there was probably no spellcasters that could learn it right now. In the future, they could give it to GreenDew, but Sister Rose’s purse was going to bleed. For Execute, one needed to grasp the opportunity. In this party, it would be optimal to give it to Lele. As for Shouryuukenn, it would be hers. The Minor Healing Light, Shaking Dog was a paladin so it would inevitably be his. He would be able to make some use of it, after all it’s a precious recovery spell. As for Rapid Thrusts, team leader would probably take it. Finally, those two equipment... she felt some longing in her heart. She looked towards Ye Cang waiting for his decision. 
 
Ye Cang snapped out of his thoughts. He turned away and made a "Tch~" sound. He looked at the three who were excited like children and complained: "If it were me opening it, it would definitely have been a divine artifact. It’s all Lele’s fault!"
 
The three of them, including Lele stared at him expressionlessly. They looked down on him while thinking: "Are you serious!?"

Ye Cang's face didn't change as he coughed. "Cough~ Cough~ Let's distribute the items then."
 
"I’m probably the only one here who can learn Steal Spell, so I’ll be taking it. Shouryuukenn can go to Lil’Dino. Lele can have Execute. Minor Healing Light and the legplates, A’Xiong, come take them. Rapid Thrusts, mine. This belt, Lil’Dino, you can have it. Ok! All done!" Ye Cang finished handing out the loot extremely quickly. FrozenCloud was surprised, she didn’t expect to get such a good belt. Even more surprising was that he actually met the requirements to learn Steal Spell!? There’s no way! He was a knight! A magic knight? It doesn’t make sense! Even spellcasters didn’t have that much intelligence, not to mention a jack of all trades class!  

---

TN: I actually got nervous when the mystery box was mentioned... Thought Ye Cang would screw it up.