---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 65"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 65: Murder for Money**
 
FrozenCloud's heart felt heavy and she had trouble breathing. Sh wanted to explode and roar at them: "I'm not a man! What manly spirit! I'll manly spirit your face!" However she held in her rage. "Let's carefully think it over."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong seized her shoulder and sighed. "Hah~ Lil'Dino, monstrous birds are the only thing that become normal food after my bro's cooking. We definitely can't miss this opportunity. It's not like I don't want to let them go, but I really have no choice."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong's tone was one of helplessness. He really felt there was no other way. FrozenCloud immediately froze. So that's why! She pondered over it, and thought his argument was very reasonable, having nothing to rebute. She thought of that nightmare like color and smell, and broke out in cold sweat. Shivering uncontrollably, she nodded and clenched her fists. "I understand! Let's kill!"
 
"I knew you would understand..." Zhang ZhengXiong gratefully patted her shoulder.
 
Ye Cang continued to observe the fight. FrozenCloud and Lin Le quickly finished off a nearby feral boar and returned. At this time, the monstrous bird trembled and sent countless feathers shooting outwards like wind blades. Just like that, half the people died, leaving only 5 left: a beautiful female mage with chestnut color hair, a sweet looking priest, a well built shield fighter, a handsome female assassin, and a hunter with a crewcut who had a ranged weapon. The monstrous bird became weakened, like an arrow approaching the end of it's flight.
 
"We're finally at the end." The cute priest sighed in relief.
 
"Don't be careless! Earlier, LooseCloud sensed some activity behind that bush..." The female assassin said as she attacked and smoothly retreated. 
 
"Sister moon is right, better to be careful!" The shield fighter controlling the Monstrous Bird frowned. 
 
As for the four people in the bush.
 
"Ok, go! Kill the one's you can kill quickly first. As for that shield fighter, he probably can't spare the effort to help. A'Xiong, be ready to tank the boss!" Ye Cang said and everyone nodded. 
 
Ye Cang watched the female mage and saw her magic was taking shape. He quickly tried using Steal Spell. The timing was just right, he could feel the stolen lightning magic in his hand. It was a lightning arrow! He quickly threw it towards the crew cut hunter, and it actually managed to paralyse him. "Go!"
 
The female mage was alarmed when she sensed the her spell had disappeared. She wanted to shout out a warning. 
 
Before she could speak, an arrow pierced through the air and hit her. It actually pierced straight through her heart and hit the paralysed hunter behind her killing him. It was a Precise Shot! Ye Cang then quickly aimed a Double Shot at the female mage's throat, killing her. Two of them had already died.
 
"Such nimble and precise technique." The female mage thought as she hit the ground. There was barely any time between the two attacks, it felt like as soon as her chest was pierced, two more arrows had struck her throat. Even though it had caught her unprepared, but that seamless chain of attacks... who was it!? Was it Thorns and Roses's ElegantFragrance? Flame Dragon Guild's DeathBowman? Misty Rain House's TinySmokeCloud? But none of them were in Really New Village, who exactly was it!?
 
Lin Le's silhouette darted by as he leapt between the female assassin and the priest. The female assassin's heart jumped when she saw the person coming from above. Although he was petite, but in his large gauntlets was an enormous dark red axe. He was definitely not to be trifled with. She wanted to retreat but flames burst out of the axe, knocking the two of them off their feet. 
 
Lin Le suddenly brandished his axe, holding it up high. He faced the priest who couldn't even resist as he chopped downwards directly splitting her in half. FrozenCloud pounced over towards the knocked over assassin. She saw the assassin skillfully dodge her attack and even managed to attack back with a dagger which stabbed towards her heart. Although NalanMoon was not as good as FrozenBlood, she was still a professional player and would at least be better than herself. Although the assassin had more experience than her, their equipment and skills were too far apart. She activated her weapon's skill, and blocked with her right tonfa.
 
Clang~
 
Counter Successful.
 
The skill actually forcefully stopped her inertia, and she attacked. Her left hook accurately smashed into the opponent's chin, knocking her slightly dizzy. Her right tonfa, which was storing up power, took this chance to release her new skill, Shouryuukenn, launching her opponent into the air. She then performed a final blow to the chin, killing her opponent in mid-air.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the shield fighter who was still dealing with the boss and sighed. The fighter probably didn't have any hope left but still slowly walked over and shouted in a deep voice: "Do you know who we are!?"
 
"Crazy!" Zhang ZhengXiong heard his words and glared at him. He saw that the guy wanted to bring the boss towards him, but he didn't retreat even one step as he roared and used Barbaric Tackle, smashing the fighter into the boss and knocking them both to the ground.
 
The stunned shield fighter felt like he was hit by a tank. He looked towards the one who knocked him over and saw a man with astonishing pressure and physique looking down on him with a belittling smile. "This bastard..." he thought as the warhammer approached his face, then his vision went black as he died. In his last moments he heard: "You dare steal our boss! I, your father, care not who you are! Get lost!" 
 
Lin Le arrived in a few steps and frowned. He brandished his axe at the monstrous bird. Execute activated! Like a guillotine, the axe chopped towards it's neck, and fresh blood burst out like a fountain.
 
"Congratulations, you've slain the Monstrous Bird Boss. Received 750 experience."
 
Then chaos ensued. Ye Cang rushed out of the bush. Zhang ZhengXiong hurried to intercept him. FrozenCloud shouted: "Lele, hurry and loot!!"
 
"I want the boss! Let me loot just once! My divine hand! Let me loot!!" Ye Cang was being held by Zhang ZhengXiong, yet he still managed to slowly wiggle his way forwards. He reached out his hand, abnormally excited.
 
Seeing Ye Cang who was like an evil spirit, FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. 
 
Lin Le heard FrozenCloud's shout, and quickly went to loot the boss. He pulled out a few objects and yelled: "Brother Lil'White, we got a skillbook, a piece of clothing, and a blade!"
 
Ye Cang blanked out for a moment. A skillbook!? He quickly got up and grabbed everything. The clothes were covered in feathers, and the blade was a one handed blade that looked as light and graceful as a pinion. As for the skillbook, it was a spell - Blades of Wind.
 
Blades of Wind (Rare - 2nd Rank - Beginner Level): After chanting four lines (over 3 seconds), shoot 4 wind blades at the target, each one dealing 15 damage. Spell power, intelligence, and wisdom increases the amount of blades and the damage of each. Cooldown: 30 seconds. Cost: 6 mana. Requirements: 20 intelligence.
 
Monstrous Bird Boss's Feathery Clothes (Superior - Rare)
 
Category: Robe
 
Requirements: 18 Dexterity, 20 Intelligence
 
+3 Defence
 
+3 Agility
 
+3 Intelligence
 
Monstrous Bird's Feather Blades: Activate to send 5 feather blades scattering out, each dealing 10 damage. Cooldown: 10 minutes.
 
Pinion Blade (Superior - Rare)
 
Category: One Handed Blade
 
Requirements: 15 Strength, 19 Dexterity
 
Damage: 9 - 10
 
+2 Strength
 
+2 Dexterity
 
+5% Attack Speed
