---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 66"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 66: The Legend**
 
Ye Cang thought for a bit and announced the distribution: "I’ll take the clothes, mine happen to be only fine quality. The skillbook I plan to save for Nana, she’ll meet up with us once we go to the next town. This weapon can be sold to ThornyRose. What does everyone think?"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong smiled brightly. "Bro, whatever you say!"
 
"Mm!" Lin Le nodded. FrozenCloud saw everyone had agreed, so she didn’t object, but she still asked puzzled: "Team leader, who’s Nana?"
 
"Our roommate, she’s a spellcaster. You’ll meet her in the future." Ye Cang smiled then he sent the skillbook’s stats to Wu Na.
 
"Leave it for me! You guys! Amazing! This thing should only drop from boss level monsters or chests." Wu Na said, extremely happy.
 
"I know, you should hurry and level." Ye Cang said and ended the chat. He put on the feathery robe. He was now wearing a beautiful robe covered in bright purple feathers. Dragging on the ground behind him were the monstrous bird’s long tail feathers. 
 
FrozenCloud couldn’t help sighing in admiration, the robe was not only beautiful, it was also practical. But inside it was a boyscout in shorts, with menacing metal shoulder plates... it was beyond chaotic.
 
"Brother Lil’White, you’re clothes look so nice..." Lin Le said enviously.
 
"Hah~ I naturally make clothes look good, I can’t help it..." Ye Cang sighed and looked up at a 45 degree angle towards the sky.
 
"..." The three of them rolled their eyes.
 
Ye Cang took apart the monstrous bird boss’s body for materials, then slowly got up and said: "Let’s go, they’ll be back soon."
 
"Although you’re bad guys that tried to steal our boss, I still hope you do well in your next life..." Lin Le performed a quick prayer, while FrozenCloud rolled her eyes at him. Then the four of them continued exploring. As they walked, Lin Le began happily humming a song: "I picked up a chicken in the forest~ I gave it to Brother Lil’White~..."
 
Really New Village’s resurrection point.
 
"We were actually killed and robbed. It’s been a long time since something like that has happened. Beauty, what do you think of them?" The female assassin NalanMoon walked out of the resurrection point and indifferently asked.
 
"The hunter hiding in the bush was really strong, he killed me and LooseCloud in a single stroke. Moreover, they used some skill to steal my spell." Said the female mage, NalanBeauty. 
 
"Their shield fighter was also not to be looked down on. Besides ThornyRose, did Mad War have such a powerful shield fighter?" NalanMight who was killed by Zhang ZhengXiong walked out with a bitter smile.
 
"The girl that killed me, I know who she is. If I’m not wrong, it was FrozenBlood’s little sister. I was once her opponent during a competition. She showed a lot of potential. Unlike her sister, she was pretty well rounded so it was a hard fight. She used both hands to attacked furiously while also defending steadily. The perfect combination of hard and soft, but she still lost to me due to inexperience." NalanMoon said with her arms crossed. "Also, you two missed an important point. Their equipment was much better than ours, and they used many skills."
 
"What do we do now? Find ThornyRose? Should we tell brother PureSoul?" The female priest NalanSuzy asked.
 
"No need, we shouldn’t bother him over every little thing. Let’s go and continue to level. I’ll talk to ThornyRose and threaten her a bit." NalanMoon glared at her and NalanSuzy nodded.
 
NalanMoon dialed ThornyRose.
 
ThornyRose who was making big profits at the fishman village received a call. Looking at the ID, she thought "What’s that b\* NalanMoon calling me for?" She accepted the call. "NalanMoon, how rare of you to call."
 
"Today, we were robbed by your people. One of them was FrozenBlood’s little sister." NalanMoon coldly said.
 
ThornyRose frowned, those sons of b\*! They actually killed and robbed! And of all people they chose to target the Freedom Alliance! Are they insane!? She felt a headache coming as she replied: "Let me find out what happened before giving you a response."
 
ThornyRose called FrozenCloud who was wandering the forest, and after finding out what happened, she sighed. Those three guys were really free of worry. "Why didn’t you stop them?"
 
"I heard that that boss’s meat is the only thing that team leader can make edible. I couldn’t resist." FrozenCloud said, ashamed.
 
ThornyRose’s chest felt stuffy as she ended the call and called NalanMoon back. "I’ve more or less understood. The other three aren’t ours, FrozenCloud just happened to be leveling with them. Also, they were the first to discover the boss, and were following it for a while."
 
"Then I’ll put them on the wanted list, it shouldn’t matter to you right?" NalanMoon sneered.
 
"Up to you, but if it were me, I wouldn’t do that. Their leader is Really New Village’s Diplomat Hero, and the vice-director - second in command of the entire village, as well as the Blue Scaled Fishmen’s Pioneer." ThornyRose warned calmly.
 
"Are you threatening me?" NalanMoon frowned. So it turned out those bastards were the guys who got the world-wide announcement with her. Moreover he was actually the leader, the only one who was announced with a title.
 
"It’s not a threat, just warning you in goodwill." ThornyRose helplessly sighed. She wanted him dead more than anyone! The fact that NalanMoon didn’t have NalanPureSoul make the call was probably because she didn’t want to lose face in front of her little brother. Her little brother was the only one in china that could compete with those superstars: FlameEmperor and CloudDragon. The Phantom - NalanPureSoul. Thinking about him put ThornyRose in a bad mood. He was obviously a man yet he put most women to shame. He was on the list of chinese gaming beauties, ranking far above herself and FrozenBlood... those damned fans actually let a man onto the rankings! She blamed that Chrysanthemum Emperor 200 years ago and that Nalan family’s NalanJade for setting a precedent!
 
ThornyRose thought of the Chrysanthemum Emperor - FourWoods, and his unsurpassable gaming legends. He really accomplished too much. He used his chrysanthemum bursting attack to crush the entire golden generation. In his hometown of XinYun, he was called The Peerless Cannon, but his real name was LinLin. He was the founder of the great city college’s and countless other things that would go down in history. He was the director of the police department, XungYun City’s mayor, the master of the ZhengBang school of martial arts. When he was just 13 years old, he became china’s Saint of War. He fought everywhere and became the sole player to be deified. Even more exaggerated was the rumor that afterwards, he went off to conquer the rest of the universe, leaving behind a bunch of taboo characters. Till this day, those characters still exist, sealed by the game developers coalition. Every so often, during the valentine's days Red Crystal Dragon Cup (Gaming Competition) and the Great Christmas War, they would have an event where they take these characters and have them compete. Leaving aside the rumors, there were still many mysteries. Did his disappearance have anything to do with the disappearance of the golden generation? Where exactly did he go? There’s no way he actually went off to conquer the universe like the rumors said. It was strange that the golden generation disappeared at the same time as him. Even the nutcases spreading the rumors didn’t know how to explain it. After their disappearance, the gaming world entered a 10 year long great depression. She shook her head to stop these random thoughts. All in all, the Chrysanthemum Emperor was a legend.
 
NalanMoon didn’t hear any threats or sarcasm in ThornyRose’s voice. She even sighed and looked deflated. It made sense, if those guys were her guild members, the one and only diplomat hero would have been her. However did she really not recruit them? It wasn’t that ThornyRose hadn’t thought of doing that, but it was really too hard. When she thought of that dirty face, she would automatically grit her teeth and want to rip him apart.
 
---

TN: Soon... Wu Na, hurry and get to level 10!