---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 68"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 68: New Assistants**
 
"The things sire did today, I'm afraid they aren't too honorable." NalanMoon looked at his high and mighty attitude and frowned.
 
ThornyRose looked a NalanMoon who had unexpectedly let their rudeness pass. Well it made sense, they didn't know this damn lowlife was just an ordinary person.
 
"It was you guys who stole our boss! Villains!!" Lin Le said with a pout. He raised his axe wanting to attack. The nearby NalanMight quickly got up, prepared for a fight.
 
"Lele! Hold your temper!" Ye Cang raised his hand and shouted.
 
Lin Le pouted even more and stepped back, resuming his door god posture. He also continued to breathe heavily through his nose.
 
NalanMoon paid attention to the surroundings. When their people had almost attacked, these guards didn't even react, yet when her own side drew their swords, the guards had all looked over. Her expression became bad. Even the fishmen who happened to be nearby had their spears pointed at her group, shouting: "Put down your weapons!"
 
NalanMight snorted and sat down without a word.
 
"It's like Lele said, we saw the boss first. Moreover, this boss was really important to us." Zhang ZhengXiong coldly said. ThornyRose and the others had a very complicated expression. What they meant by important was that it was the only meat their leader could cook without ruining it.
 
"It's just as A'Xiong said. Lil'Dino, pound on my back." Ye Cang indifferently nodded, then turned back and instructed her.
 
FrozenCloud took a deep breath and resisted the urge to beat him up. She began gently massaging his back with her fists like a servant girl.
 
FrozenBlood had an odd expression as she watched FrozenCloud. That silly girl, her acting was really too good. If she didn't know that she was a spy, she would have really believed that she was a dumb little servant girl.
 
NalanMoon looked really confused. Why Lil'Dino? She chose not to think about it. "Even if it was true, you still..."
 
"If it was you, would you come out and argue?" Ye Cang calmly said, interrupting her.
 
NalanMoon looked in his silver pupils and saw it was cold and indifferent. She couldn't guess what he was thinking. He had already reached the highest level possible with Really New Village and the fishmen. They wanted to rely on him as their main force wasn't here and they didn't want to fall behind. They couldn't disappoint PureSoul again. She coldly said: "What do you mean?"
 
Ye Cang faintly smiled. These few people were all not bad, the next quest would not be easy, a few more experts would be useful. The whole way back, Lil'Dino was telling them that the Freedom Alliance was very influential, if they could make friends with a powerful guild, then why not. Afterall, having an enemy doesn't make them any money. He calmly smiled: "We also don't intend to preach, we'll give you the weapon the boss dropped and you can come with us when we go fight the werewolves. What do you think?"
 
NalanMoon took a glance, examining the feather like blade, and then stared at Ye Cang. It was weird, why was he returning the weapon and inviting them on such an important quest? She wanted to see through his true intentions. After thinking a bit without any luck, she looked towards ThornyRose to gauge her reaction. She saw ThornyRose and FrozenBlood looking at the ceiling giving it praise. Was this a diversion? But thinking it over, she wouldn't lose anything from accepting. Since it benefitted both sides, why refuse? She slowly nodded and reached out her delicate hand. "Ok, then let's all write off any bad feelings, and have a pleasant co-operation."
 
Ye Cang calmly smiled, he slightly raised an arm, hinting to FrozenCloud. "Lil'Dino..."
 
FrozenCloud wanted to stab herself, she doubled her resolve and quickly went up to him, helping him up. Only then did he reach out to shake NalanMoon's hand and exchange contacts. "To a pleasant co-operation."
 
"Set out..." Ye Cang turned and flared his feathery robe. With FrozenCloud's support, he walked towards the door. He acted arrogant as he walked out of the tavern, dragging his long feathers behind him.
 
Lin Le's nostrils flared as he raised his axe. Zhang ZhengXiong showed off his muscle. Then they followed Ye Cang out of the tavern, leaving behind a table of bewildered people.
 
"..." NalanMoon's party was speechless. Just where did those three guys come from? Someone looked over at FrozenBlood and softly inquired: "Was that servant girl really your sister?"
 
"You must be mistaken." FrozenBlood covered her face and quickly shook her head.
 
ThornyRose facepalmed and really wanted to headbutt the nearby pillar. How did she become so close to that strange person. She even let him steal her first kiss and touch all over. She wanted to find a hole to crawl into. Good thing no one else know about it. She put on a calm expression and said: "The matters have been resolved. We no longer have anything to do here. Let's go."
 
Saying that, she took FrozenBlood and GreenDew with her and left. NalanMoon inspected the stats of the weapon they had just received and immediately became fond of it. With this, leveling would become much easier. She thought of their interaction earlier and murmured: "What an interesting guy. Let's go too, back to leveling up."
 
Once ThornyRose left the tavern, she saw the party of four celebrating.
 
"Lil'Dino, good acting! You have potential~" Ye Cang looked at FrozenCloud extremely happily while she was recalling what happened inside and was dying of embarrassment. He reached out and pet her head.
 
FrozenCloud felt the her head being caressed gently, and her back was patted by Zhang ZhengXiong who smiled brightly and said: "Amazing! Lil'Dino! I almost didn't recognize you." Lele also tugged on her clothes with stars in his eye. "Lil'Dino, you acted exactly like a servant girl!" 
 
She didn't know why but her heart felt warm. She revealed a gentle smile which came from her heart. "You're all exaggerating... Lele, you were also a very realistic door guard."
 
Having received praise, Lin Le's ahoge began to bounce happily. "Shucks. Brother Lil'Xiong's hired thug and Brother Lil'White's boss were also awesome."
 
"For sure. Hah~ I should have applied to the acting department..." Ye Cang said. Then he sighed with pity as he looked towards the sky.
 
"Eh...?" FrozenCloud suddenly snapped out of it and thought: "You! It was because of you that I had to endure that humiliating act! Are you three even college students!?" Doubtfully she asked: "What department are you in?"
 
"A'Xiong, what department are we in?" Ye Cang frowned and asked.
 
"Bro, I thought we were in philosophy or languages or something." Zhang ZhengXiong replied uncertain.
 
"A'Xiong! How can you not even remember what department you're in!? So disappointing!" Ye Cang roared unreasonably.
 
FrozenCloud's heart tightened and wanted to roar: "You don't even remember yourself!"
 
Ye Cang sighed. "Then what about Lele?"
 
Lin Le felt embarrassed and scratched his head as he smiled. "I've forgotten." Then he started thinking really hard and suddenly cried out: "Oh! OH! I remembered, I'm learning to draw!"
 
FrozenCloud had already given up on these three ridiculous people. It's called the art department! Whatever, they probably didn't even know their own majors. They'll die before they graduate. She had heard Sister Rose tell her they were student of LinHai college, but forget it. She didn't want to think about it, it was too hard.
 
Not far away, ThornyRose was observing them and murmured: "I have a feeling that your sister is going to become dumb by hanging out with those three..."
 
"..." FrozenBlood slowly nodded. She looked at ThornyRose with a strange expression and thought to herself: "Just like you."

---

TN: The people they kill keep becoming their companions... wonder if this will keep happening.