---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 70"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 70: Sisters**
 
Seeing the half naked Zhang ZhengXiong casually leave just like that, Zhang ShaoFeng faintly squinted his eyes. "Little Li, what rank do you think his power is?"
 
"At least B+." Both of Li LiJia's arms were numb as she briefly evaluated, then she immediately looked at him doubtfully. "Although Zhang ZhengXiong is certainly exceptionally strong, are you really going to use your last two recommendations?"
 
"Because it's worth it. That wasn't the limit of his strength." Zhang ShaoFeng said with a smile. His eyes flashed as he thought to himself. "And I want to take a gamble."
 
Li LiJia could only smile bitterly, feeling defeated. That guy didn't use his full strength? Too abnormal, they really found a monster this year, but it seemed like he would be hard to control. "This year we have Zhang ZhengXiong, Qin ShaoTian, Sun Xue and the rest, it should be promising."
 
"Don't think that it will be easy. However, we should be able to take the win for the martial competition." Zhang ShaoFeng shook his head. Although LinHai wasn't weak, however the imperial capital and XinYun were the gathering spots for China's elites. 
 
YueRong Street.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong returned home, and the three people noticed the state of his clothes. Ye Cang didn't ask, instead calmly smiling. "Go change, it's starting."
 
Wu Na who wanted to ask what happened, but stopped.
 
The four of them watched the big finale of Sisters, and they all sighed in sorrow, albeit for different reasons. Lin Le had a tear in his eye. "So touching."
 
Wu Na looked at the ceiling and let out a sigh of relief. That damn show was finally over.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong absentmindedly murmured: "A'Suo is such a good girl."
 
And finally, Ye Cang sighed heavily.
 
The four of them recalled the plot.
 
Sisters' big finale, while A'Suo and A'Duo were having a life and death duel, they recalled their sisterly love. The originally climactic battle, just as they were about to finish each other off, they looked each other in the eye and realised the meaning of the word sister.
 
"When I was young, you would always share half your candy with me. Whenever I got in trouble, you would come defend me. Sister..." (A'Suo)
 
"I remember when I first went out into society, my very first pair of highheels was the one you bought me with your saved up new year's money. What happened to make us like this? SuoSuo..." (A'Duo)
 
"Why is it like this..." A'Suo murmured towards the sky, covered in cuts and bruises.
 
"Yeah, why..." A'Duo stood beside her and followed her gaze.
 
The two of them looked at eachother and smiled. In the end, A'Suo and A'Duo let go of their hatred and got married to A'Xiang together, having a grand wedding. Under the night sky, watching the resplendent fireworks, the drama ended.
 
"It finished just like that." Lin Le was both moved and sad.
 
"Yeah, it's over..." Ye Cang said with a sob.
 
"Goodbye, my A'Suo..." Zhang ZhengXiong sighed.
 
Wu Na felt gratified as she took the remote, they could finally watch something else.
 
Suddenly the screen emitted a dazzling light and sparks radiated all around. In the wedding auditorium, a group of policemen were forcing their way in. The three guys immediately paid attention, was it an easter egg!? A trailer started playing, the narrator's powerful words resounded.
 
"There was suddenly an arrest during their wedding!?"
 
"What! Bigamy!?"
 
"It's you! A'Jiao! I..."
 
"A'Xiang, you'll always be mine. I won't let those two s\*\*ts take you... Hahah~ Hahaha~ (Evil queen laughter~)
 
"A'Xiang was captured by his ex girlfriend, the wicked judge A'Jiao, and locked away!?"
 
"What will they do!?"
 
"We have to save our husband!"
 
"The unreasonable and beautiful sisters clash with the wicked judge!"
 
"A'Duo, A'Suo, help~me!! A'Jiao! You! You! My balls! Ah~ So good~"
 
"Next week! Peerless one time special! Sisters, two wives to the rescue! Please look forwards to it."
 
"Oh my god, we have to wait for the weekend. I feel like it will be really good." Zhang ZhengXiong said with his arms crossed.
 
"Indeed, however, the boss is actually that gentle girl that A'Xiang dumped in college..." Ye Cang nodded.
 
"I want to watch. I want to watch it right now!" Lin Le whined, making a scene.
 
Wu Na felt like she almost crushed the remote.
 
"Hah~ but it's a one-time special. What's LinHai channel's next show?" Ye Cang sighed.
 
"It definitely won't be better than sisters." Zhang ZhengXiong sighed in admiration.
 
"I feel like I'll never love again." Lin Le quickly got up and pretended to be mature.
 
Wu Na gave a dirty glance and look at the new show. 'How Chaotic is my Youth?' What kind of F\*\*king show was that!? Was there no one left at LinHai station? The two main girls were still the girls from sisters. The main guy 1 was the actor for A'Xiang, and main guy 2 was that daoist. There were also many other familiar celebrities.
 
The three quickly looked through the cast.
 
"We definitely can't miss this!!" Lin Le, who was a diehard fan of A'Duo and A'Suo, smacked the table.
 
"Just hearing those names makes me want to watch." Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.
 
"Indeed." Ye Cang nodded with his arms crossed.
 
Wu Na looked at the summary. The story behind A'Suo, A'Duo, A'Xiang... are they brain damaged! They can't even change their names!? ...and a group of college student's 'bloody tears'. Wu Na's chest felt heavy and she had the urge to smash the tv. She covered her forehead and said with a sigh: "Let's go take a walk, we can visit old Wang and get some good food."
 
The four of them went to asupermarket nearby to buy some daily necessities and brought it back to their apartment. Then they went directly to the old wang's stall at the night market.
 
"White hair, this time I'll teach you my secret roasting technique." Old Wang shouted at Ye Cang who was observing beside him. He seriously taught about fire and smokeless fire. He taught about how to handle the fishy flavor of meat, what vegetables were good together, as well as how to control the heat.
 
Ye Cang would make an enlightened expression every two seconds. Zhang ZhengXiong watched and became extremely frightened. Next time they would have to eat roasted food. Roasted mushrooms marinated in slime... or mystery meat shish kabob marinated in slime... he felt his whole body go numb at the thought of it.  
 
That evening, they tried roasting their own serving, and although the flavor wasn't great, they ate happily and harmoniously. Ye Cang was in a bad mood as he looked at Wu Na. His heart was full of unwillingness as he thought: "How can she roast better than me!? Impossible! I'm a man who has grasped the secrets of cooking!"
 
Wu Na sighed. If she let him roast for her, this meal would become inedible. After having their fill, they started drinking a bear as they looked at the news on their phones. "Korea and the Island Nations will be sending exchange students over. Also, seniors Li XinYi and Zhang WuYun have already graduated and started work. It seems the martial arts department will have their hands full."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong had a look of contempt as he thought of today's matter. "Right. Bro, Lele, today at the educations administrator, they agreed to let me participate in the five schools competition. Under my persuasion, they agreed to let us go together and also let us pass the test to become 2nd rank citizens."
 
Lin Le happily jumped for joy. "Really!? Lele can win an award?"
 
Ye Cang didn't show any reaction. He turned and said in an unhappy voice: "Tch~ Those sellouts, I still wanted to blow up their command center."
 
Wu Na, who was originally happy and proud of them, heard Ye Cang's unhappy words and felt short of breath. She looked at him speechlessly. Just how much of a grudge did he bear in that black twisted heart.
