---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 72"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 72: Ye Tian**
 
Ye Cang saw that she had become unstable, and disappeared. Eve immediately felt her psychokinesis being cut off, and became shocked. She felt her throat contract.
 
Wu Na, Lin Le, and Zhang ZhengXiong suddenly felt their bodies were freed.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong immediately rushed in front of the other two and protected them behind him, releasing his first genetic lock. The three meter tall, muscular giant appeared, but different from last time, his huge ape like hands were covered in a metallic gloss. His two red eyes looked at Ye Cang whose hand was on Eve's slender throat and had pushed her onto the ground, slowly using more and more strength. His expression was full of sorrow.
 
Lin Le was full of questions as he patted his chest. Wu Na and Zhang ZhengXiong knew from their conversation. It turned out that Ye Cang and that little girl were both artifical humans.
 
The little girl knew she wouldn't survive. Perhaps she already knew this would happen when she arrived. She looked at Ye Cang's pupils full of sorrow. Why did he feel so sad? Who made him feel so sad? Her? She thought back to the day she was created, all she had was a serial code: Eve-C-19325. She was born just to be an experimental subject. The whole journey over, she saw those fathers and daughters looking so happy with their family. Now she looked at Ye Cang's heartbroken expression. Yeah, that was only something humans have, and she was just an experimental subject, not a human. She showed a sad smile, her tears slowly dripping down her face. "Kil me... father." 
 
Ye Cang's heart trembled as he saw her expression. He wanted to crush her neck but his hand wouldn't move. He looked at his hands that had slain countless people, even she was she was ended by these hands. He couldn't stop shivering and he also put his other hand on her neck. He recalled the tragic appearance of all those countless children in those disposal holes, and thought of that woman's final words. Don't grow up to hate, survive and live well. He recalled how he was picked up by the river and meticulously raised by his grandmother. Those warm and wrinkled hands. He recalled QinXue's and A'Xiong's bright smiles, Lele's foolish appearance, as well as Nana's consideration. Recalling these things, his confusion was swept away and tears began falling from his eyes, dripping onto Eve's face. He ground his teeth and said: "Just how many tragedies do they want to create... before they realise..."
 
Eve felt the warmth of the tears, and saw Ye Cang who was grinding his teeth and crying bitterly. She slowly reached out her hand and wiped the tears from his eyes. "Father..."
 
Ye Cang looked at that little hand wiping away his tears and he slowly released his grip. He suddenly hugged her tightly against his chest and said in a trembling voice. "We're also human! We have feelings and likes and dislikes. We're not those sorrowful existences they think we are. Definitely not!!" 
 
"Bro, so this was what you never wanted to tell me..." Zhang ZhengXiong murmured. Wu Na was shocked, but at the same time, she felt sorrow as she watched at Ye Cang crying bitterly. This was the first time she'd seen him cry. She listened to his trembling words and her eyes became watery. 
 
"Brother Lil'White..." Lin Le's ahoge drooped as he felt dejected.
 
Eve, for the first time since she was born, felt warmth bubble up from her heart. Her father's hug was so warm. Why did her tears not stop? So strange, there was too much she didn't understand. Suddenly a resonance occurred in her head, and Ye Cang's memories flashed through her mind. She saw the granny who had raised him die on the hospital bed. On a rainy night in the middle of a bloody street, he held a girl whose head was smashed apart, and cried bitterly. His hopeless expression as he lived like an empty shell. Seeing these scenes, her tears poured out uncontrollably like a broken faucet. She absentmindedly looked at Ye Cang's face. She was so frail compared to her father. He had so many sorrowful experiences and bitter setbacks, yet he still stood up and moved on, continuing to look for the meaning of his existence. Yet she merely denied her existence. Ashamed, touched, sympathy, happiness, so many feelings flooded her mind. Eve couldn't handle it and like a normal little girl, started bawling her eyes out, her arms wrapped tightly around Ye Cang. "Waaah~! Waah~!"
 
Seeing this scene, the three observers all felt their hearts ache.
 
At this time, a strong breeze arrived at the balcony and a woman with a white jacket appeared. Seeing the scene and especially seeing Ye Cang, she was astonished. "Silver devil..."
 
The three noticed the woman who had suddenly appeared, and Zhang ZhengXiong could feel that she was really strong. His senses were screaming at him warning him of danger. She wasn't someone he could deal with. Even if he unsealed his second gene lock, he was afraid it wouldn't be enough.
 
Eve quickly used her psychokinesis but Ye Cang smiled and softly said: "It's alright."
 
Hearing his words, she released her power.
 
"Eve was accidently killed by me. My debt is now repaid." Ardent Wind saw Ye Cang's expression and faintly smiled. After speaking, she became a burst of wind and disappeared. 
 
"Ardent Wind, thanks..." Ye Cang looked at the breeze leaving the balcony and said gratefully.
 
Ye Cang held Eve's cheeks, and recalled how his grandmother had named him Ye Cang. He faintly smiled and and gently caressed her head. "From now on, your name is Ye Tian. Ye from the word leaf and Tian from the word firmament (Cang Tian)."
 
"Ye Tian. Ye from leaf and Tian from firmament..." Eve murmured absentmindedly. Then she happily nodded her head. "Mm!"
 
Disregarding the earlier unpleasant experience, the three welcomed the new Little Ye Tian very enthusiastically making the newly named Ye Tian feel embarrassed. She apologized to the three of them with a red face. Lin Le grabbed her and declared that he was big brother Le, which made everyone smile. Regarding the news of Ye Cang being an experimental creation, Wu Na didn't care whatsoever. Just like Ye Cang had said, they are also people. Moreover, if you love someone, you should love everything about them. She quickly brought Little Ye Tian with her to shop for clothes, and they bought some summer clothing.
 
Meanwhile, Ye Cang called Ren Long. Ren Long was puzzled as he quickly made a fake identity for Ye Tian, and made her a life-story in the imperial capital. She was Ye Cang's long lost sister, and her age was set at 18. It was noted that she was separated due to a mistake caused by a sleepy civil administration worker. Ren Long looked at the identity he had someone create and was astonished. "That guy actually has such a cute unregistered sister!? But they really are alike, they both make people annoyed. She's probably also someone to be reckoned with."
 
After being together for a few hours, Wu Na felt that she wasn't too different from a normal girl. The difference was that she was especially curious and lacked common sense. When she was told to change, she directly started stripping on the spot, not caring about the surroundings. Also, she often said things that made her feel heartbroken or speechless. For example, when watching the news, she would be able to instantly calculate next year's GDP and LinHai's approximate turnover in the next 10 years. Another time, she saw a car and instantly figured out it's speed, weight, and predicted he would soon get into an accident. Then right after, there really was a car accident.
