---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 74"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 74: A Bit of the Past**
 
"Children shouldn't say s\*\*t, got it?" Ye Cang said helplessly.
 
"I got it, father." Little Ye Tian nodded and reflected, thinking of another adjective. "Then lowlife?"
 
"Nope, go off and sleep." Ye Cang grumpily said while lightly knocking her little head.
 
"Oh, good night." Ye Tian turned to leave but thought of something and quietly asked: "Father, on The Three-Life Stone, do we really not have a past life?"
 
Ye Cang froze. How did she know about The Three-Life Stone? She probably saw it during the resonance. He recalled the scene of himself looking upon the stone that was completely blank. He sadly said: "Mm, we don't..."
 
Little Ye Tian reflected over it and didn't continue talking. She slowly nodded and returned to her bed.
 
Wu Na had too many things she wanted to ask. She saw that Ye Tian had returned to bed, and only Ye Cang was left on the balcony. She hurried and arrived beside him, but before she could even open her mouth. 
 
"I know what you want to ask. Actually, I didn't know at first that I was an artificial human, those were memories I recalled just a few years ago. Truth be told, when I first learned that I was an artificial human, it was hard to accept. But in the end, I was able to accept this fact, because I still have people to protect. Also at that time, because of me, A'Xiong provoked some trouble..." Ye Cang said without look over. Instead, he continued to watch the night sky and took a sip from his beer. It was also from then on that he had gained access to an immense power. He slaughtered, made friends, received many invitations, and unceasingly chase after her heels. He had to take good care of A'Xiong, because he was his sole close relative, and because it was QinXue's will. He showed an indifferent smile. "In short, I'm fine."
 
Wu Na slowly hugged him from behind, and stuck her face against his thin back. "I don't care about who's saving what. I just felt like the distance between us has become a bit smaller. Do you still remember our first meeting?"
 
Ye Cang slowly nodded. She was an aimless, silly girl full of youthful hotheadedness. "A reckless person."
 
"Get lost!" Wu Na said showing a dull but extremely gentle smile. That period was a really difficult time for her. She had just received the news that her parents had died in a plane crash, and it was too big of a blow. It felt like, in a flash, the whole world only had herself left. She arrived at the college and everything was so unfamiliar that she couldn't lift her head. She felt like the air was pressing her down. She quickly looked for her classroom and ended up bumping into him. She crawled up in pain and saw a white arm reaching out to offer support. She slowly looked up and at that time, she was a bit frightened. He had an extremely weird appearance. Then that bastard gave her the wrong directions, causing her to be late on her first day and be made of an example of. She thought of how silly she was at that time, she actually called him senior. That guy was also a freshman in the department of philosophy. She couldn't stop her laugh from escaping.
 
"Go sleep, it's getting late." Ye Cang looked at the time on the holographic image in the distance.
 
"Mm." Wu Na slowly released him and returned inside. "Good night..."
 
"Good night..." Ye Cang faintly smiled. He crushed his empty can and continued to survey the scenery. He sensed someone else coming, they were really coming one after the other. Helplessly he said: "A'Xiong, I'm fine."
 
"Bro, you like taking things on by yourself too much." Zhang ZhengXiong said, wrapper arm around Ye Cang's shoulder. 
 
"Kid, you have to mature a bit, find a reliable wife, and that will be considered relieving my worries. Smelly kid..." Ye Cang smacked the back of Zhang ZhengXiong head and said grumpily.
 
"Eh, don't nag me. Bro, what about you?" Zhang ZhengXiong said awkwardly.
 
"Me?" Ye Cang sadly shook his head.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong thought: "You're still minding that? Sister's death was her own doing." He wanted to ask further, but after thinking it over, he thought: "Bro, you're too kind. You never think for yourself, always for those beside you." He thought of the time QinXue died. In the pouring rain, Ye Cang held her crying bitterly and his own tears wouldn't stop flowing. Ye Cang didn't bury her. He didn't know what he was doing during that time, but there was a day, Ye Cang came back carrying his sister's body and covered in blood, looking like a lost soul. He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and wouldn't stop saying: "A'Xiong, sorry, sorry. I thought I could bring her back, I didn't think it would be a trap." Although Zhang ZhengXiong didn't know what happened, Ye Cang was his only close relative left. On the second day, they buried her together. Ye Cang locked himself in his room, and disappeared again for a period of time. When he came back, he seemed a bit more relieved. He had a gentle smile as he looked at Zhang ZhengXiong: "A'Xiong, she's already passed on. Now she should be at someone's house as a newborn."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong returned from his thoughts. He didn't need to know what happened to his sister. Because her death, Ye Cang still blamed himself for it. He blamed himself for not discovering earlier and not being able to cure her with his body. He also hated her for not telling him about anything before choosing to commit suicide. He hated her even more for leaving them just like that, without a word. This was something Zhang ZhengXiong also regretted. Why not tell them? Instead she selfishly decided to not burden them and chose to end her own life. It was all cause of that that Ye Cang had to go through so many terrible experiences after awakening. Now he had finally become tranquil. They listened to Lin Le's snoring. Inside the small room, everyone lived happily together. He showed a bright smile. Right, it was already over. "Let's sleep..."
 
Ye Cang slowly nodded. He threw the empty can into the trash. "Tomorrow, I'll make roast chicken wings marinated in slime. It should taste pretty good."
 
"Eh..." Zhang ZhengXiong got goosebumps and his expression became bitter. "Bro..." 
 
Ye Cang fixed up Lin Le's blanket, and petted Ye Tian's head, then returned to his bed. "Sleep..."
 
"Hah~..." Zhang ZhengXiong sighed deeply.
 
The next day, early in the morning.
 
The five of them sat together in a circle eating breakfast.
 
"Father, I gathered some information in the virtual world last night. I'll quickly catch up to everyone." Little Ye Tian said seriously while drinking her soymilk.
 
"You're just going to let her call you father?" Wu Na looked at Ye Cang astonished.
 
"Up to her, she seems to like it." Ye Cang shrugged and bit into a steamed dumpling.
 
"Little Tian! You're too impolite, you didn't greet me this morning!" Lin Le said with a pout.
 
"Oh, Lele, good morning." Little Ye Tian nodded and said politely. Lin Le pouted even harder and knocked her head. "Call me Brother Le!"
 
"Oh, Brother Le..." Little Ye Tian said feeling wronged.
 
"Good, later, Brother Le will teach you to play Ludo..." Lin Le crossed his arms and acted like her elder.
 
"..." Zhang ZhengXiong and the others were speechless. Lele that guy... they sighed. Just let them play.
