---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 75"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: For those who don't know, in the summary, it said you had to be 18 to play this game.

---

**Chapter 75: Fishing Master Pastor**
 
After eating lunch, it just happened to be a little past 12. The 5 of them connected to Conviction.
 
Ye Cang's group of 3 saw FrozenCloud staring dazed at the lake. In particular, she was staring at her own reflection in the water.
 
Ye Cang sighed, slowly walked over and patted her shoulder. "Lil'Dino, don't be envious. Just a bit more money and we'll bring you to Korea. Soon you'll really become this beautiful."
 
Ye Cang took out her picture, looked at the wriggling, winding, covered in every kind of hair clips that were bent out of shape and hesitated. Then he put it away, then added: "Roughly... however, it will be better than now."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong also heavily patted her back. "Don't lose heart."
 
"Fight~" Lin Le made a fist and cheered her on.
 
"I..." FrozenCloud who was merely bored and was appreciating the scenery felt a burst of anger, then sighed.
 
"I understand, no words can describe it..." Ye Cang said hearteningly and pet her head, but they were words from his heart.
 
"..." FrozenCloud could only put on a stiff smile and slowly nod.
 
"Father, I've been assigned to Really New Village." What Ye Tian didn't say was, she had calculated the variance in the random numbers, and picked a time where the chances of her being assigned to Really New Village was the highest, but her luck was also not bad. 
 
Ye Cang looked at Little Ye Tian's ID: NightSky, not bad. Much better than something like ThornyRose. Thinking of ThornyRose, he sent her a message: "Where are you?"
 
"I'm still in town, why?"
 
"I temporarily can't return to town, bring my little sister to level up." Ye Cang said seriously.
 
"What do you think I am!? A nanny!?" ThornyRose immediately roared. What made her more astonished was that this damn lowlife actually had a little sister!?
 
"So what do you say!? We're telepathically bonded teammates." Ye Cang said as if it was a matter of course. 
 
ThornyRose sighed. Thinking it over, it wasn't much trouble to bring someone with her. She clenched her teeth and said: "Then you owe me, what's her ID?"
 
"NightSky..." Ye Cang smiled and immediately had Little Ye Tian go find ThornyRose, then ended the call.
 
ThornyRose brought FrozenBlood and GreenDew to the farmside and looked at the little girl in front of her. They didn't have to confirm that it was his little sister, they had the same maddening indifferent expression and that hateful appearance. This must be similar to what happened with the chrysanthemum emperor, the case of the legendary sleepy civil affairs worker, because that bastard didn't seem to have any background. However it was hard to say, some people liked to make themselves look like children. Perhaps this was an 18 year old who liked to look young.
 
"NightSky?" ThornyRose raised her brows and inquired.
 
Little Ye Tian slowly nodded. She indifferently said: "You must be Big Sister Rose?"
 
ThornyRose couldn't help smiling. Even her tone of voice was so similar. She nodded. "Let's walk while we talk."
 
...
 
Ye Cang's group of four followed the lakeside and searched. Besides some wild animals that came to the lake to drink, they didn't find any elites. However, they managed to gather many herbs.
 
"Brother Lil'White, there's a cabin over there!" Lin Le looked at the distant lakeside cabin and jumped joyfully.
 
"Maybe it's a hidden quest! Let's go look!!" Ye Cang signalled everyone to pick up the pace. FrozenCloud frowned, usually at these cabins in the middle of nowhere, there were gathering type quests. Otherwise, it could be a special NPC.
 
Ye Cang saw that outside the cabin was a simple wooden dock. A brown haired middle aged man was sitting by the lake, fishing with a leisurely expression. 
 
The few people jogged over. The man saw them, slowly got up, and asked doubtfully. "You guys are?"
 
"Uncle, seeing your worried face, surely there must be some matter?" Zhang ZhengXiong quickly used one of the classics out of the 100 Quest Accepting Sentences.
 
Ye Cang and FrozenCloud were speechless. Just where did he look worried!? Ye Cang was planning on using another one of the classic sentences.
 
"Young man, it's just as you say. Actually, I'm not a resident of Really New Village. You can call me Pastor. I'm a fishing enthusiast who is traveling the continent. Rumors are that in Maserazzi lake, there's a rare fish called the luminous fish, so that's why I came. However, this lake is filled with aggressive creatures. Although I'm not afraid, but I don't want to waste time on them. Can you protect me from those guys while I fish and prevent them from distracting me?" Pastor said.
 
"Eh, it really deserves to be a godly quest receiving sentence." FrozenCloud felt astonished.
 
"Would you and your party like to accept the quest (rare) Fishing Master Pastor - Relieve His Annoyance."
 
A travelling fishing master!? FrozenCloud calculated, this should be a quest that randomly appears on special terrain. The reward will definitely be special. Perhaps they could even get some rewards far exceeding their current equipment.
 
"Leave it to us." Ye Cang pondered over it a bit and nodded.
 
"Good. When it's nightfall, we'll head out." Pastor said with a smile.
 
At this time, nightfall was still a couple hours away.
 
Ye Cang looked around, and noticed the ship they would be using... wait, ship!? Looking at it, it wasn't a manual powered one. Wasn't this supposed to be primitive society? He slowly walked over to carefully examined it and was stunned. Although he didn't understand too much, but this was certainly a kinetic energy powered ship!
 
"First time seeing it? This is monster core powered technology. Really New Village doesn't possess the power to extract energy from monster cores. Moreover, they also don't possess the technology to use it. Generally speaking, they're too behind the times. However, the environment is really pleasing. To the south is the neutral machine capital - Falsatch. It's a harbor city which has the most developped monster core technology. They have monster core powered flying ships, and many monster core engineers and mechanics. The north is ruled by the holy church. Although it seems contradicting, they have their own special power and are the continents strongest faction. There's also others such as the Steel Empire, the Magic Forest, Dragon Island, Neptune Empire, Demonic Purgatory..." Pastor fished while he imparted upon everyone the knowledge he gained while travelling.
 
FrozenCloud was incredibly happy. This was better than any equipment reward. Right now, there was no information about Conviction and everyone was confused. Pastor told them about the continent outside of Really New Village, giving them an overview. Although it wasn't much, but it would be extremely precious information. She organized the things Pastor said and sent them to ThornyRose.
 
"Moreover, while I still have life in me, I want to fulfill a fisherman's ultimate dream!" Pastor suddenly got up. His back seemed very grand.
 
"What!?" The three guys couldn't help being awed and pay more attention.
 
Pastor crossed his arms, he back facing the four of them. He looked up to the sky, smiled proudly, and said in a clear voice: "To fish out a beauty from the water!"
 
FrozenCloud was just thinking that this NPC wasn't simple. Hearing his words, her legs almost gave out. The three guys immediately applauded him and praised: "Amazing..."
 
"Haha! I'm joking, but it's true that I want to fish up a mermaid to warm my bed. The combination of fish + beauty, it's practically every fisherman's perfect woman... even if it means you'll be hunted down by the Neptune Empire. Ahahaha~!!" Pastor laughed loudly with both hands on his hips.
