---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 76"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 76: ThornyRose’s Amazement**
 
"Indeed so..." Lin Le wholeheartedly approved, nodding and stroking his chin.
 
"Young man, not bad. Are you interested in joining our fishing enthusiasts association?" Pastor turned and patted Lin Le’s shoulders with a smile, showing his appreciation.
 
"Ok." Lin Le figured there weren’t any downsides.
 
FrozenCloud thought: "This should be a profession reward."
 
"Congratulations. You’ve become a member of the Fishing Enthusiasts Association. Prestige: Freindly." Lin Le received a system message.
 
"This is my fishing knowledge. Since you’re now a member, and one that I recommended, you can’t not know how to fish. This can be considered my gift to you for our first meeting." Pastor smiled and handed over a notebook titled ‘Pastor Teaches You the Basic of Fishing’ and fine quality fishing equipment to Lin Le.
 
"Uncle Pastor, thanks." Lin Le took it and learned it obtaining: fish, identify aquatic creatures, create fishbait, common boat navigation.
 
"Ok, I’m going in to rest for a bit." Pastor waved dismissively and turned to walk into the cabin.
 
FrozenCloud looked at the tool in Lin Le’s hand. Aside from cooking, the team also got fishing now. Although she didn’t know how much use it would have in this game, but since it exists, it must have a use. It should be about the same as fishing in the past, besides fishing for fish there would be a chance to find some treasures. Moreover there could be some special scenarios where fishing could get extremely rare treasures or even a boss.
 
Lin Le hummed a little song and summoned his handcart. He took out the meat inside to make monstrous looking fish baits, hooked them on, swung his rod, and began to fish.
 
"Let’s go look around, we can pick up some extra materials and stuff. Lele, don’t wander off." Ye Cang looked at Lin Le’s happy expression and said to him with a smile.
 
"I know..." Lin Le said without taking his eyes off his float.
 
Meanwhile, ThornyRose who was in the middle of fighting a rare elite boar, received the whistleblower FrozenCloud’s news. She was extremely happy. For a guild, information about the continent was extremely important. She looked over to look at Little Ye Tian, her expression rather complicated. This girl’s potential was unmeasurable. She had perfect technique, perfect IQ, and terrifying calculation ability. Just seeing a footprint, she could calculate the enemy's body build. She herself couldn’t differentiate between all the large creatures. She had watched Ye Tian check the soil density, then moving somewhere else, modifying her calculations, and getting all sorts of information. She couldn’t understand a thing the little girl was saying, it was some sort of calculus. Even the FrozenCloud who was rather good at calculus couldn’t even understand half of it. She could only smile bitterly time after time. What’s with their little team, it was full of freaks and weirdos. An omnipotent unlucky guy, a lucky dice monster, a super-star level tank who was a playboy priest, and now a genius data analyst little girl has appeared. However calculations in the end couldn’t completely replace battle experience. Several times, her calculations caused some mishaps. But to have a teammate who could perform these calculations and analyses to refer to was exceptionally important. 
 
"Big Sister GreenDew, delay your spell by two seconds and shoot straight forwards." Ye Tian calculated the boar boss’s speed and direction along with the magic missile’s speed, and determined the optimal solution. She then continued to say: "Big Sister FrozenBlood, be prepared. In 3 seconds, the boss will have a big opening on it’s right side. I shouldn’t be wrong this time." 
 
GreenDew already believed in Little Ye Tian’s ability from the last elite fight, so she didn’t respond. Her own intuition also confirmed it. With the magic missiles’ speed, she currently couldn’t hit the boss as it was hard to catch. It would be better to try the calculated method. After 2 seconds, towards the 3 o’clock direction, the boar that was hard to hit with magic missiles was accurately intercepted by magic missiles which solidly smashed into it’s waist, knocking it off balance to the right. FrozenCloud was there to greet it just in time. The sharp tip of her dagger danced along it’s lower body and then reversed and stabbed into it’s eye. 
 
ThornyRose also attacked violently and the boss was finished under their co-operation. She thought of the earlier scene, if they were just a little late, the magic missiles would have flown right past the boss. Many people needed to accumulate experience in order to know how to hit a moving target. This girl relied purely on calculating the magic missile’s speed and the boar boss’ speed to predict their meeting point and arrive at an accurate conclusion. It was like a computer simulation. This was beyond human, no normal person could calculate it so quickly. She must be a genius with at least 180 IQ, either that or she’s suffering from a studying obsession. ThornyRose was curious about her real age. Although they hadn’t known each other for long, however her conduct and bearing was just like a child who didn’t know the world. This was something commonly seen amongst high IQ children, who were often reclusive and lacked common sense.
 
Little Ye Tian didn’t pay any attention to the boss’ body. Instead, she looked far in the distance without saying a word. She was happy that the distance between her and her father had decreased by a bit. Regarding Ye Tian’s weird behaviour, the three women didn’t understand. It seemed like she wasn’t interested in the game, yet she was very serious when doing things. As soon as they remembered that she was one of those three’s companions, it didn’t seem as weird anymore. Afterall, birds of a feather flock together.
 
ThornyRose took out some fine equipment that Ye Tian could wear. 
 
Due to the two bosses and the many high level monsters, Ye Tian was already level 3. After looking at the equipment ThornyRose had given her, she began to think about her position. Brother Xiong was a priest, a class that provided support. Lele was an arms dealer which seemed similar to a fighter. Her father’s class was a bit vague, but she threw him in as a ranged attacker. Sister Nana was a spellcaster. There was also someone called Lil’Dino who was a grappler, she was probably the tank. Then she herself should build into a spellcasting type paladin. She added her attribute points into Intelligence and Wisdom, and selected some equipment that had those stats.
 
ThornyRose wasn’t stingy. Was the girl going spellcasting or support? This girl’s goals were very clear-cut. She started to become fond of her, not just because of Ye Tian’s monstrous calculation ability, but more because her mentality was top quality. She wasn’t arrogant nor impatient, much better than that damn brother of hers. After letting her equip her new equipment, she saw Ye Tian in a boyscout like outfit similar to Ye Cang’s. Her slightly long short hairstyle, her indifferent expression... she couldn’t stop stop smiling. They really were brother and sister.

---

TN: Omg, please meet up with Ye Tian and Wu Na soon... I feel like I've been waiting for it the entire book x.x This beginner village is too long.