---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 77"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 77: Dream Fishing**
 
Ye Cang and the other two cooperated to slay an elite grizzly. He then proceeded to harvest it to get: Bear Fur, Bear Gall, Bear Meat and Bear Paw. FrozenCloud was curious just how many different cooking ingredients, furs and other materials this party had. The team leader picked them like he was plucking feathers from a chicken. Wherever he went would be plucked clean.
 
They saw the sun was about to be hidden by the mountain. The 3 of them returned to the wooden cabin and found Lin Le had fished till he fell asleep. Ye Cang wanted to go and slap him awake, but his attention was drawn to the fishing float which began moving.
 
Lin Le moved like he was sleepwalking. He reeled, he relaxed, then he pulled. A meter long, lightblue fish flew through the air into the handcart. Then he extremely skillfully hooked another bait onto the hook, swung his fishing rod, and continued fishing. What shocked FrozenCloud was that he did all this while he was still asleep, because they could still hear his light snoring sounds.
 
Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong thought about it and shrugged, as if there wasn’t anything odd. He could even play Ludo while he was asleep. Amongst LinHai’s Ludo enthusiasts there was another saying: "When the great emperor falls asleep, It’s hard to tell if he’s counting sheep. For as he sleeps he’ll awe our hearts, He’s still peerless once a match starts."
 
Ye Cang slowly walked over and ruffled his hair. "Lele, Wake up."
 
Lele peacefully woke up, stretched, and slowly wiped his drool. "The sunlight is so comfortable. I couldn’t stop myself from falling asleep."
 
"When did you fall asleep?" Ye Cang sat at the side, and smiled as he looked at the lake which was dyed gold.
 
"I don’t know. I probably fell asleep right after you left." Lin Le thought back and smiled. FrozenCloud was astonished in so many ways, but more than that, she had a complicated feeling. As expected of a human shaped alien, he could even fish in his sleep mode.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong looked through the handcart. Good, in just a while, he had managed to fish tens of large fish. Wait... where did those two boxes come from? He slowly took them out. "Lele, did you put these two boxes here?"
 
"What boxes? Are there boxes? How come I didn’t know?" Lin Le blinked, puzzled. His ahoge swung left and right, but he couldn’t remember.
 
"They should be treasure chests that he got while fishing." FrozenCloud smiled bitterly as she sighed in amazement in her heart. He didn’t even know that he had fished up treasure chests.
 
"So that’s how it is. Quickly pass them to me. I’ll open it." Ye Cang stroked his chin and nodded. Then he held out his hand towards the boxes.
 
The three of them stared blankly for a moment. FrozenCloud pulled Lin Le up. Zhang ZhengXiong pretending to not have heard anything and passed them over to Lin Le. "Open them quickly."
 
Ye Cang’s hand was left hanging in midair. He was dumbfounded at having been ignored. He blinked, then got up feeling rather awkward. Then he immediately flew into rage. "I’m the team leader! Let me open it!"
 
"Lele’s opened them already. Sorry Bro, you can open it next time." Zhang ZhengXiong said then thought it over. Ye Cang probably didn’t have anymore luck left this year. He seriously corrected himself: "Wrong, you can open it next year."
 
"Tch~ You’ll regret it." Ye Cang said enraged and humiliated. He crossed his arms and looked away, in a bad mood.
 
"Team Leader, think of the big picture..." FrozenCloud quickly arrived to placate him.
 
"Brother Lil’White, a weapon came out! The one on this side has a lot of gold and jewels!!" Lin Le said, jumping for joy. In his left hand was a huge blade that was almost 2 meters long and as wide as his back. In the other hand was a chest glowing with resplendent golden light. Ye Cang rushed over in a single step and snatched them. He checked in the chest: over 50 gold coins, 3 gold bars, 1 gold ingot, 1 flawed ruby, 1 flawed beryl, and even a 10+ centimeters monstrous bird sculpture made of gold.
 
FrozenCloud was stunned, so much money!? Just the gold coins would probably make these three the richest people in Conviction. Sister Rose only had about 30 gold coins, and most of it was rewards from following them through the hidden quest. She thought about it and this kind of chest filled with gold was probably rare. Perhaps in this lake, there was only that 1. At most there would be 3.
 
"Mm, not bad, Lele. If you have nothing to do in the future, just fish."  Ye Cang was very gratified. "It’s a pity though. If it was me who opened it, it would have been completely filled with gold ingots. Moreover, there would even have been a divine artifact. Tch~ Tch~ such a pity."
 
The three of them gave him a dirty look. Ye Cang took out the enormous blade. The blade was 160 centimeters, and the whole things was covered in the luster of black iron. The handle was about 37 centimeters, the blade was 20 centimeters wide, and the back of the blade was surprisingly 3 centimeters thick.
 
Mazo’s Lost Black-Iron Heavy Blade (Masterwork - Treasure)
 
Category: Heavy Blade
 
Requirements: 35 Strength
 
Damage: 17 - 20
 
+5 Strength
 
+3 Dexterity
 
+3 Chopping Speed
 
Bloodmoon Chop: Store up power and perform an incomparably violent half-moon chop at all targets in range, dealing 200% damage. Causes bleed which deals an additional 30% of damage dealt as bleed damage over 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes.
 
FrozenCloud felt a burst of fear. It actually reached 20 damage. In this game, it had been confirmed that even a small change in weapon damage affected many different things. It’s was extremely important. Sometimes when you’re attacking a monster and are having trouble breaking through it’s defence, you’ll deal very little damage. However a weapon that had even just 1 more weapon damage could break through it’s defence causing heavy injuries. They had achieved unexpected profits. Moreover, that halfmoon attack, if Lin Le was to take the blade and use it, an ordinary player would definitely be finished in seconds. Even if they didn’t die right away, they would have trouble surviving the bleed effect. However his current axe had a useful AOE control ability, it would be a pity to lose it.
 
"Lele, you equip it. Throw the axe in your cart and set the price as 4 gold. Next time we return to town, we can see if it’ll sell." Ye Cang took the black-iron heavy blade and handed it over. Lin Le nodded and swapped out his axe for the heavy blade. FrozenCloud looked at the heavy blade that was even taller than her and felt it was out of place. The contrast was too big, it would be perfect on Zhang ZhengXiong.
 
FrozenCloud raised her brows, crossed her arms, and said: "If you’re really going to sell it, you should try to sell to a team member who will be participating in the black werewolves quest. It should currently still be one of the best weapons, moreover it has a useful AOE control ability, it’ll sell in an instant."
 
Ye Cang thought it over, and he opened his chat. ThornyRose was a defence specialized fighter, and SpyingBlade was an assassin. He looked towards the other person’s Id, NalanMoon, and tried asking: "You there?" 
 
"What’s the matter?" NalanMoon raised her brows. It was him? The attack shouldn’t be so soon.
 
"We’re getting rid of this weapon, 4 gold if you’re interested." Ye Cang directly attached the stats and sent it over as he talked.
 
NalanMoon saw the weapon’s stats. It was excellent quality and moreover demonic!? It was really a good weapon. The attributes were almost better than a superior quality weapon. Most importantly, it had an AOE control ability which she had personally experienced. She recalled how that fighter had leapt over, a fire had flashed, and she had been knocked to the ground. 4 gold? It really deserved this price, but right now funds were too important. "Will you accept Federal Dollars?"
 
"Double." Ye Cang said, looking to profit.
 
NalanMoon froze for a moment. Such a blunt guy. "Ok, when can you deliver the goods."
 
"Tomorrow." Ye Cang replied.
 
"Alright. When you arrive in town tomorrow, message me. I’ll have someone go get it." NalanMoon said and ended the call. That weapon, she must get it. Her people’s equipment was even falling behind ThornyRose’s group. Besides, she didn’t lack money. However, if they were selling such a good weapon, then they must have an even better one to replace it. That little fighter... she wondered if Mad War knew?
