---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 78"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 78: Roast Fish Feast**
 
"Very good, it's been dealt with. Tomorrow we'll sell it to that Nalan something." Ye Cang said then looked through the handcart. It was really useful. Different from how it looked, it could actually carry as much as 10 people's inventory combined. Moreover it was one of Lele's tools. He took out a few fish and identified them.
 
Light Blue Carp: Common in rivers and lakes.
 
Maserrazi Piranha: Maserrazi lake's specialty fish. The flavor has many layers.
 
Hogfish: A fairly rare fish. The flavor is strong, and nutritious.
 
He turned and looked at the remaining sunlight, and the golden lake. The sight of the golden light reflecting off the water warmed everyone's heart.
 
"Ok, let's eat to prepare for tonight's quest." Ye Cang's words were like a cold wind blowing across their warm hearts. Their whole body shivered.
 
"Team leader. Today is such a good day, let's celebrate by eating some monstrous bird." FrozenCloud quickly proposed.
 
"Mm! Mm!" Lin Le repeatedly nodded his head.
 
"Lele fished so many fish, let's eat roast fish today. You guys are quite lucky, I just happen to have learned the art of roasting. A'Xiong, start the fire! Without delay!" Ye Cang rolled up his sleeves, took out 3 large fish, and started processing them.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong sighed and hesitated. He then sighed again and began making the fire.
 
Due to the fish being so big, Ye Cang held them up with sticks and slathered green slime gel on them. He thought for a bit and decided to layer it! That's right, he added another layer of red slime gel on, mixing them together in the process. Inside the fish's stomach, he stuffed some werewolf meat, some wild grasses, and some edible medical herbs. He then poured some more slime inside, added some seasoning, and his preparations were complete.
 
Pastor was going to call them in when saw that the four of them were making a meal, but after seeing the slime being applied, he immediately shut the window tightly. "Red and Green Slime gel mixed together, black werewolf's disgusting fishy meat, wolf-excrement vegetable, leisurely ratten, blood replenishing grass, oh my god. Does he not know that slime gel is an ingredient commonly seen in dark cooking? That wolf-excrement vegetable, not even a beggar would eat it. Leisurely ratten, that vine, it's flavor and name were completely different. If eaten by humans, it would invigorate them, but by using stink. Are these guys tired of living? At least those couple of fish will have their revenge."
 
Ye Cang watched over the roasting fish that were held up by sticks. The scene started to become abnormally sinister, unlike the delicious scene one might expect from roasting fish. A stink suddenly exploded out from the fish. FrozenCloud could feel an onion like stinging pain in her eyes, and her nose felt like she had just inhaled a ball of pepper, moreover this pepper was super smelly.
 
"Congratulations. You've created a new dark cooking recipe. Category: Roasted. Obtain 250 experience. Although it's 3 different kinds of fish, they were cooked in the same way, so they become a set meal. Please name it."
 
"Light Blue Carp stuffed with Black Werewolf, Hogfish stuffed with Black Werewolf, Piranha stuffed with Black Werewolf."
 
Light Blue Carp stuffed with Black Werewolf: Restore 4 health every 5 seconds while eating. Gain +2 Intelligence, +1 Dexterity, +2 All Resist for 2 hours (Can be stacked with the other two parts of the set meal).
 
Hogfish stuffed with Black Werewolf: Restore 4 health every 5 seconds while eating. Gain +2 Strength, +1 Dexterity, +2 All Resist for 2 hours (Can be stacked with the other two parts of the set meal).
 
Piranha stuffed with Black Werewolf: Restore 4 health every 5 seconds while eating. Gain +1 Wisdom, +2 Constitution, +2 All Resist for 2 hours (Can be stacked with the other two parts of the set meal).
 
Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong were completely flabbergasted. The most disgusting thing so far has just appeared. Despite having been baptised many times, that sort of scalp tingling stink was never any less bad. 
 
"Ah, how can this be! Could the lake's fish have been contaminated? It must be so. Well... eat up." Ye Cang said plugging his nose and covering his eyes, looking odd.
 
Although the smell was hard to endure, FrozenCloud still had to say that this set of three roast fish had the best buff out of the things he'd made so far. Unfortunately the smell was also the hardest to endure.
 
"To stack the buffs, you have to eat a bit of each." Ye Cang took a fish and put it on a large leaf. He then took chopsticks and pointed out the stacked buff. He took a big piece of each, and put it in his bowl. Then he began to eat ferociously. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le rushed to keep up. FrozenCloud wanted to cry; he tested new recipes every day, when will he finally succeeded.
 
After a few minutes, the four of them were passed out on the dock.
 
"Amazing..." Pastor couldn't help murmur with admiration as he looked out the window and watched the four of them eat. He imagined himself eating it, and immediately broke out in cold sweat. Just the tiny bit of smell that came in through the window seams made him want to throw up.
 
After a few more minutes, the four quivered and woke up, immediately covering their mouths. Ye Cang weakly put away the leftovers. "Good, we're ready."
 
"Brother Lil'White, let's stop being professional gamers..." Lin said with a bitter face.
 
"Bro, let's look for a job near the college. Or we can go beg sister-in-law for a job as security..." Zhang ZhengXiong repeatedly nodded.
 
"Shut up! How can you say such ambitionless words. We must depend on ourselves to claim a piece of the pie. Just look at Lil'Dino! Although she's like that, she's still barely considered a young lady. If even she can bear this hardship, then we can too! Don't forget, there's also Lil'Dino's remodelling funds." Ye Cang said righteously.
 
FrozenCloud felt like she had just been slapped in the face. 'What are you calling me!? I'm what!? What do you mean I'm barely considered a young lady! F\*\*k! Are dinosaurs inferior people to you guys!? Some sort of alien race!?' She continuously suppressed her emotions, and sighed. She was just about to tell them: "No need, no need. Don't worry about me, I'm fine."
 
"I'm sorry bro, I was wrong. Lil'Dino, it's really comforting that you're here..." Zhang ZhengXiong admitted his wrong. He then looked meaningfully at FrozenCloud, his gaze full of encouragement.
 
"Mm, well said Brother Lil'White. Lil'Dino, you're so strong..." Lin Le thoughtfully nodded and then looked towards FrozenCloud and gave her a big hug.
 
Ye Cang gave their shoulders a squeeze. He looked towards FrozenCloud, whose mind was a mess, and said with a smile. "Live beautifully and bravely, Lil'Dino."
 
"..." FrozenCloud suddenly realised that in their eyes, she was different from ordinary people. She looked at their heartening expressions. It turns out they saw her as a strong and inspiring disabled person. They actually treated her as some disabled rolemodel!? Her mind became even more of a mess. 
