---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 80"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 80: Overlord of Water**
 
The big battle could happen at any moment.
 
Pastor was like a meditating master as he watched the float without being distracted at all. Not even a tornado blowing nor lightning striking beside him could sway his concentration. He simply continued to stare unwaveringly at the lake illuminated by the moonlight, not a single ripple in his heart.
 
A massive piranha leapt out of the water in the distance. Then the whistling of Ye Cang's arrow as it pierced through the air broke the silence. It stabbed into the piranha bosses head. Immediately following that, a Tidal Wave spell launched from his hand. While he was aiming, he had already begun silently chanting the spell, then the moment he had finished, his hand pushed out causing the water to churn. Due to the terrain further empowering the spell, the lake rose and became a wall, smashing into the piranha.
 
Bang~
 
The wave was scattered during its collision with the massive piranha, and exploded into a shower of water. It had passed the wave, however it's speed had declined greatly.
 
Squatting by the edge of the boat, Zhang ZhengXiong smiled fiercely. Suddenly, he pushed off the side, holding his shield up and performing a Barbaric Tackle. One man and one fish clashed in the air above the lake. The clash between the shield and the fish's hard head created a heavy booming sound. The two of them stopped mid-air, and the piranha boss was stunned. They both slowly started falling. Zhang ZhengXiong felt a burst of numbness in his shield arm from the collision. It had its speed reduced by so much, yet still attacked with so much force. As they were falling into the water, he didn't forget to give the fish a good smack with his hammer.
 
Lin Le activated leap, jumping up high. As he fell towards the boss floating on the water, he executed his weapon's halfmoon attack. With the damage enhancement from berserk and leap, the black blade traced out a pitch-black half-moon, leaving a long scar on the fish's back and causing a huge amount of damage. Then taking advantage of the time he had left, he chopped down ferociously.
 
During this time, Zhang ZhengXiong quickly chanted a healing light on himself to restore a bit of health. Seeing Lin Le heavily damaging the boss, he went over and activated his hammer's ability. A heavy and ferocious strike exploded on it's head, a slight cracking sound could be heard.
 
"Lele, Execute!" Ye Cang shouted.
 
Lin Le quickly jumped up on fish's back, and reproduced the black half-moon slash while activating Execute!
 
FrozenCloud, who was taking care of the small fish, couldn't help but sigh at Lin Le's simple yet violent and effective attacks.
 
"Congratulations. You've slain the Piranha Boss. Received 800 experience."
 
The system message arrived. FrozenCloud who was busy defending Pastor sighed in relief. Out of the corner of his eyes, Ye Cang noticed the shadow of another fish under the water. It didn't lose out to the Piranha Boss at all, and might be even bigger. "Lil'Dino! Over by you! A boss!"
 
Hogfish Boss: The leader of a shoal of hogfish. Has ample strength.
 
The enormous shadow splashed out of the water. FrozenBlood looked up at the figure that blocked out the moon, and her heart sank.
 
She suddenly crouched down and prepared to use Shouryuukenn. It was her only crowd control skill, perhaps she could protect the boat if she used it. It was the only thing she could do under these circumstances.
 
Ye Cang tightly furrowed is brows and frowned. There wasn't time to cast a tidal wave, but he still started chanting. A little shadow flew over. Right! Zhang ZhengXiong recalled that Lin Le still had another big crowd control skill. He watched Lin Le summon his handcart, grab it with both hands, and jumped up towards the boss.
 
Lele's here! Ye Cang felt relieved.
 
FrozenCloud saw Lin Le leaping over with his handcart, and sighed in amazement. That leap skill was too useful. It could leap not only far, but fast. It's cooldown was also no long. It even had a damage bonus. She decided to act after seeing what he's up to. 
 
Lin Le shouted out loudly, and used his handcart as a weapon. Handcart Home Run! It was strength vs strength!
 
Kaboom~!
 
The attacking hogfish boss stopped in midair, then was blown back a couple meters. Although it was only a couple meters, it was enough to save the ship. The force from the collision sent Lin Le flying back to the ship, crashing into a railing, and falling into the water with a big splash.
 
Ye Cang's tidal wave exploded forth. The hogfish boss that was knocked back into the water by Lin Le was hit by the tidal wave. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly swam over. FrozenCloud jumped overboard and begin attacking violently.
 
Ye Cang took this time to rush to the back of the ship and roared towards the lake's surface: "Lele!" 
 
Lin Le took a deep breath. After that enormous impact, his body felt like it would fall apart, especially his two arms. He looked at his remaining 13 health. Then he remembered his handcart. He looked around and found it floating on the surface of the water. With a foolish smile, he said: "Brother Lil'White! I'm fine, I won't die yet! It just hurts a little!" 
 
Ye Cang faintly smiled. He cast a healing stream on him and then threw out a rope from the ship. "Hurry and come up!"
 
Lin Le grabbed the rope and climbed up. Ye Cang turned and looked towards the little piranha that was flying towards Pastor. Rapidshot! He took his arrow, placed it on his bow, drew it back, and released it, all in an instant. The arrow accurately hit the fish and knocked it into the water. He frowned, it was becoming more and more chaotic.  
 
"Bro! This hogfish is so strong! Quickly come help!" Zhang ZhengXiong's voice arrived.
 
Ye Cang activated his shoe's speed boost, ran towards Pastor, then jumped into the water. "Lele, protect Uncle Pastor!"
 
"I got it!" Lin Le received his instructions and went to guard Pastor, holding his large blade horizontally in front of him.
 
Ye Cang entered the water and was as agile as a fishman. FrozenCloud, who was attacking the boss, saw it. What a fast swim speed. Was this a special reward for being the Blue Scaled Pioneer? To increase his agility in water so much, it could be considered an OP reward.
 
Ye Cang also never thought that his swimming ability would be so good. He felt extremely happy. He drew his two-handed sword and Multiple Straight Thrusts / Straight Thrust, 5 bloody holes appeared on the boss. Zhang ZhengXiong also smashed down with Double Strike. The hogfish boss tried to turn and escape under the water. "Not good." FrozenCloud thought. After one last punch, the fish submerged. 
 
Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud looked towards where the boss had submerged, feeling helpless. They couldn't catch it, and even if they did, it would probably kill them under the water
 
"It's escaping that way!" Ye Cang shouted. Then like a fishman, with a twist of his body, he submerged and swam with all his might in pursuit. They both disappeared into the depths of the lake.
 
The originally chaotic situation became a bit more tranquil.
 
After a while, a system message arrived.
 
"Congratulations. You've slain the Hogfish Boss. Received 815 experience."
 
He actually did it!? FrozenCloud stared blankly. She saw traces of the corpse slowly float up to the surface of the lake. Then she saw Ye Cang leap out of the water. He quickly reached the side of the ship, and pulled himself up. He took out his longbow and continued to be alert. She smiled bitterly, team leader could be called the overlord of water. There should currently be no players that could defeat him in water. At this time, Zhang ZhengXiong was slow swimming back to the boat while resisting the attacks of piranhas. 
 
With all this activity, Pastor still looked as light as the wind and relaxed as the clouds, making everyone feel relieved. He couldn't have fallen asleep, could he?
 
They looked at a fluorescent spot in the lake that was bobbing towards a fish. Then finally, it mixed with the light emitting from the fish. Pastor's eyebrows jumped and he roared loudly: "It's here!"
 
Pastor who went from looking like he was asleep to roaring loudly, made the 4 of them jump in surprise. He began to freely switch between reeling and letting the fish run, very naturally and unrestricted. This was a very different contest. In the end, Pastor raised his fishing pole. A sparkling, translucent, fished that shined like moonlight appeared before their eyes. It's size was a bit over a meter.  
