---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 81"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 81: Class Equipment**
 
"What a beautiful fish..." Lin Le looked at the luminous fish and couldn't help murmuring.
 
The other three slowly nodded. It's really exceptionally pleasing to the eye.
 
The lake had regained its original calm becoming tranquil and gentle. The reflection of the moon slowly drifted across its surface.
 
"Haha~ I got it! Looks like my trip to Really New Village has come to an end." Pastor skillfully picked up the luminous fish and turned to look at Lin Le with a smile. "I'll gift it to you."
 
"Really?" Lin Le asked, feeling overwhelmed. Didn't he come to Really New Village just for this fish? Why was he giving it to them?
 
"I'm a fishing enthusiast. What I pursue is the happiness and challenge of fishing, not to collect them. Take it." Pastor pushed the luminous fish towards Lin Le. He took out a handbook from his chest pocket, opened it, and started taking notes on the page with a picture of a luminous fish. Then he closed it and, again, tucked it securely into his chest pocket. "Youngsters, thank you all so much. This is your reward." 
 
"Congratulations. You've completed the quest (Rare) Fishing Master Pastor - Relieve His Annoyance'. Received 1000 experience, a random rare quality common skill, a random class masterwork equipment, and a skillpoint."
 
FrozenCloud was exulted. It was actually a skill point, this was an extremely precious reward. The further in the game they get, the more valuable it will become. If Sister Rose knew, she would probably be extremely jealous.
 
The three guys were also extremely happy. There were both skills and class equipment. As for the skill point, they didn't even have to think to know it was valuable. 
 
Ye Cang received the common skill - Rapid Dash, as well as a 150cm heavy longbow. It was emerald green, and was quite heavy, but still had texture extremely similar to wood. Moreover, the bowstring was extremely tight. He tried pulling it. Good bow!  
 
Knight's Heavy Bow (Masterwork - Class)
 
Category: Heavy Longbow
 
Requirements: 23 Strength, 21 Dexterity
 
Required Class: Bowman related (Divine Bowman, Hunter, Knight)
 
Damage: 12 - 14
 
+3 Strength
 
+2 Dexterity
 
Range +30 meters
 
+5 Penetration
 
Power Shot: Attacks have a chance to penetrate targets.
 
Rapid Dash: Once activated, may dash extremely quickly for a distance. If an attack is launched before the skill finishes, it deals 40% bonus damage. Cost: 10 Energy. Cooldown: 15 Seconds.
 
"Due to your Straight Thrust and Rapid Dash resonating, obtained a created technique. Please give it a name."
 
"Dashing Straight Thrust"
 
Dashing Straight Thrust (PaleSnow - Created): Activate to dash extremely quickly towards a target and thrust dealing 171% damage. The dashing speed, range, damage, and attack speed are all affected by attributes. Cost: 20 Energy. Cooldown: 10 Seconds. 
 
Ye Cang felt somewhat gratified. He's finally got a movement skill, and it was one good for both escaping and chasing.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong received his reward and stared at it blankly. In his hand was a Canonical Text, and the skill he got... he felt a burst of rage. It's another damn aura! Aura of Protection (+4 Defence, +3 Physique, +5 Spell Focus). "I want an active killing skill!!!!" He roared completely forgetting that he was a priest...
 
Church's Book of Hymns (Masterwork - Class)
 
Category: Holy Text
 
Requirements: 20 Wisdom
 
Required Class: Priest
 
+3 Constitution
 
+3 Wisdom
 
Holy Church Hymn: Open it to heal all targets in range for 25 health, and grant +5 defence for 30 seconds. Cooldown: 2 hours.
 
Record Holy Spell: You can store 2 spells below rank 3 or 1 spell below rank 4. Discharging the spell takes no time. Refreshes at the end of every day.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the ancient book bound in simple iron chains in his hand and thought: 'This thing's not bad.' Without delay, he equipped it like a bag, hanging it on his waist.
 
Lin Le looked at his own reward, Rising Slash (Perform a fierce upwards slash, has a chance of knocking the target upwards), as well as an exquisite bag.
 
Arms Dealer's Battle Bag (Masterwork - Class)
 
Category: Arms Dealer's Bag
 
Requirements: None
 
Required Class: Arms Dealer
 
+4 Strength
 
+5 Constitution
 
Battle Bag - Storage: Although it looks small, it can store a great amount of materials and medicine.
 
Battle Bag - Attack: Can throw out 3 items at once to attack the target.
 
Lin Le happily equipped his bag, then posed to look at it. He looked like a child that just got his first backpack. Pastor looked at him and smiled. He reached out and petted Lin Le's head like a loving elder. "I didn't think Little Le would be an arms dealer. Remember to report to the Arms Trading Guild when you reach a big city."
 
FrozenCloud received Triple Strike and a class equipment. She couldn't help cheering up. It was actually a class equipment, something that could be a core part of the class. She looked at the refined martial art clothing she had received (can be equipped along with other armor). She quickly changed into the cyan, simple martial arts clothing, then equipped her breastplate on top of it. After putting on her leg protectors, her long white legs were still exposed. They looked exceptionally healthy and pleasing to the eye. She posed her body to check out her new outfit, and was very satisfied. She then heard Pastor's words and analyzed it a bit. It was the about the class guild for the hidden class, and it was some trade guild. There should be some clues from the bit she overheard. She stroked her chin, pondering over it.
 
"Mm, I got it." Lin Le heavily nodded his head.
 
After Lin Le looted the bosses corpses; Ye Cang, who had been held back by FrozenCloud and Zhang ZhengXiong, resentfully jumped into the lake to collect all the fish bodies and rapidly chopped them up, tossing them into Lin Le's cart. When they returned to the boat, Pastor crossed his arms and smiled, then they all returned to the control cabin and started up the boat. The sound of machinery filled the cabin. 
 
The four of them sat on the wooden floor, and told each other about their rewards. Besides Zhang ZhengXiong who was a bit gloomy, everyone else had received good killing techniques. FrozenCloud thought that out of all their skills, the most dependable was Zhang ZhengXiong's aura. It increased the entire team's chance of surviving by a level. Along with his aura of vigor, they gave a total of 5 physique and 2 constitution. This added up to over 17 health! It even increased defence, and spellcasters would benefit from the spell focus. No matter who he partied with, everyone would benefit. An aura specialist was one of the most popular people in the party.
 
"Lil'Dino, your costume is not bad, it gives you so much confidence. With this, you've taken your first step towards beauty, having confidence. Such a happy thing." Ye Cang looked at FrozenCloud's costume which was a bit sexy and happily said.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong thought of that picture and sighed deeply. Lin Le was still playing with his bag.
 
FrozenCloud, besides being speechless and sighing in her heart, was starting to regret her past deeds. "Team Leader, do you have any recommendations for the skill point? "
 
"It's up to you. A'Xiong, upgrade an aura, you don't have any good active skills anyways. Upgrading double strike or barbaric tackle would be a waste." Ye Cang specially instructed Zhang ZhengXiong 
