---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 82"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks1: "Raphael Ramirez"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 82: Level Rankings Opened**
 
"Oh..." Zhang ZhengXiong sighed again. He decided to level up his newly received aura. As for the minor healing light, he didn't even consider it. In the future, he should upgrade his auras as much as possible. He upgraded aura of protection to Intermediate Level (+6 Defence, +6 Physique, +8 Spell Focus).
 
FrozenCloud froze as she felt her health had increased by quite a bit. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong with pity, the high defence meatshield priest. She imagined having to fight him. Just thinking of trying to kill him gave her a headache. That guy wasn't someone so easily dealt with. She shook her head and thought about where to put her own skill point. In the end she chose wolverine strike. Compared to a move which required initial action like Shouryuukenn, a single powerful crowd control skill like wolverine strike was more practical.
 
Ye Cang began thinking of his own skills. His three created skills couldn't be upgraded with skill points. After thinking a bit, he got it down to either mirror image or spell steal. Both were extremely useful skills, but he decided that spell steal currently didn't need an upgrade. He should practice it some more before considering it again. So he upgraded mirror image, which surprised him by gaining an additional effect. He could now command his clone to explode dealing water damage.
 
Mirror Image (Rare - Intermediate Level): After calling out the activation word in the fishman language (Instantaneous), leave behind an explosive clone of yourself with 20% of your stats (Controlled by an intelligent AI) and enter a concealed state. Concealment lasts for 10 seconds, and will be cancelled when attacking. Can command your clone to explode. Exploding deals 23 water damage in a small area. Damage effected by attributes. The clone exists for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 1 minute. Cost: 15 Energy and 10 Mana. (This is the hero fish - Kilaris' housekeeping skill)
 
Lin Le spent his skill point on Whirlwind Strike. It now increased the number of rotations to 3 and reduced the rage cost by quite a bit. Zhang ZhengXiong pointed out that this skill, if you had rage, could be used to draw your weapon.
 
Lin Le gave the Luminous Fish to Ye Cang. Ye Cang identified the Luminous Fish in his hands. It was like the holy oak's fruit in that it added permanent attribute points.
 
Luminous Fish (Rare): Maserazzi Lake's extremely rare fish. It has been baptised by the moon. Eat to gain a permanent +1 physique, +1 intelligence, and have a chance to learn a water magic spell.
 
Ye Cang put it away, keeping it together with the Fruit of the Holy Oak. He didn't yet know how he wanted to cook them. He felt like he was still missing something, it seemed too plain. He looked at his experience which was 17% away from level 10. Are there people who are already level 10? Just as he thought about it, a world announcement arrived.
 
"Congratulations. Player FlameEmperor has become the first to reach level 10. The level rankings have now be unlocked." 
 
Ye Cang was astonished, speak of the devil... FlameEmperor, the name sounded familiar, where has he heard it? FrozenCloud's heart shook, as expected of FlameEmperor, he had already reached level 10. After level 9, it required a lot of experience to level. She looked at herself who had just reached level 9 and smiled bitterly.
 
"Congratulations, you've entered the ranking boards. Would you like to display your name?" Ye Cang received another system message. Thinking over it, there wasn't any point. Decline.
 
"Bro, it says I'm in the rankings. Should I display my name?" Zhang ZhengXiong said with a smile.
 
Lin Le also asked. "Should I? I'm in 13th place."
 
"Let's all decline for now. It's only just started, no need to be in the spotlights." Ye Cang said after considering it. It was best to stay low-key, they could consider it again when the rankings have stabilized. 
 
1st: Fighter - FlameEmperor - Level 10
 
2nd: Warlock - NalanPureSoul - Level 9
 
3rd: Fighter - MistyVeil - Level 9
 
4th: Grappler - CloudDragon - Level 9
 
5th: Ranger - ?? - Level 9
 
6th: Paladin - LordAsked - Level 9
 
7th: Sorcerer - Worryless - Level 9
 
8th: Assassin - NineUnderworlds - Level 9
 
9th: Astrologer - ?? - Level 9
 
10th: Priest - ??? - Level 9
 
... 
 
13th: Arms Dealer - ???? - Level 9
 
FrozenCloud remained silent and thought: Team leader was very reasonable. It's just as he said, it has only begun. Usually at the beginning of the game, the rankings are always changing. However, those from the big guilds would probably not change too much, unless something unexpected happens. Moreover this was only the level rankings. Although level affected your strength, but not everything was decided by level. Those three actually all managed to get in the top 20. Those few ?? were obviously them. Ranger, Priest, Arms Dealer... Sister Rose has definitely guessed it too. Who knew their ranking would be so high, only second to FlameEmperor and those superstars. Although it was only the beginning, it was still impressive.
 
ThornyRose saw the rankings. She was in 28th and FrozenBlood was in 30th. Looking up the list, those 3 oddballs were actually all in the top 20. She began to bite her nails. This was illogical! They were actually almost level 10! However, who was the 9th place astrologist? She shook her head. It has only just begun, there would be big changes. However often the top 20 wouldn't change too much. Well whatever, she went to look at the beauties ranking, and immediately gnashed her teeth. She dropped a rank again! NalanPureSoul actually sat steadily in 2nd!!
 
FrozenBlood didn't have any big reaction. She simply thought those three guys were good. She also saw her little sister was only 2 places below her. That silly girl was catching up to her. Ever since she started following those 3 guys, she's been advancing very quickly. She thought of Ye Cang's cursed hand, Zhang ZhengXiong's tank priest, Lin Le's simple brainlessness, and couldn't help laughing bitterly. Especially Ye Cang's heart-breaking cooking.
 
...
 
"FlameEmperor that bastard..." CloudDragon was in the middle of resting. He slowly looked into the hazy sky above the graveyard, raised his brows, and smiled.
 
...
 
"Who's the player in 5th place? It's unexpectedly a Ranger..." A slim girl with a delicate oval face that was beautiful enough to topple entire countries, wearing light armor, and with a pike on her back, looked at the level rankings curiously.
 
...
 
"Pay attention to that priest in 10th." Said another oval faced beauty, who was tall and slender, wearing a black tight-fitting robe, with an elegant short hairstyle. She looked extremely handsome. Her beauty was enough to cause others to lose their breath, however, her chest was as flat as a plain. She turned her head and inquired: "How is my sister doing?"
 
"NalanMoon's group, along with Thorns And Rose's ThornyRose's group are participating in one of Really New Village's main story quests." The beauty attending at the side felt that stifling aura and replied with a red face. The other speaker was exactly Freedom Alliance's leader and NalanMoon's little brother, NalanPureSoul.
 
"Is that right?" NalanPureSoul binked his captivating eyes, and smiled sweetly, not speaking anymore.
