---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 83"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 83: Lil'Dino's Tears**
 
"Right, here are the things the two bosses dropped." Lin Le remembered the loot. FrozenCloud had been waiting the whole time. She was just about to speak up about it, but Lin Le remembered.
 
Ye Cang took them and looked through them. A superior grade fish-scale scalemail, a pair of light blue leather gloves, and a barbed dagger. Their attributes were all pretty good. The high constitution Fish-scale scalemail was given to Zhang ZhengXiong. FrozenCloud already had superior chest armor and didn't need to change her's, however the leather gloves were given to her. It was a big upgrade, after all, her fine gloves only provided one or two attribute points. It couldn't compare to a superior quality item. As for the dagger, after thinking it over, the decided to sell it.
 
Hogfish King's Leather Gloves (Superior - Rare)
 
Category: Leather Gloves
 
Requirements: 15 Strength, 20 Dexterity
 
+2 Defence
 
+2 Damage
 
+2 Strength
 
+3 Dexterity
 
+3 Attack Speed
 
"Throw your old equipment into the cart and set a price. We'll sell it once we return to town." Thinking it over, Ye Cang decided he couldn't just let these fine quality items go to waste, might as well make a bit of money. Right now, most of the players were still wearing common equipment, so they would definitely be able to sell.
 
FrozenCloud didn't speak. She thought of tonight's harvest, and contemplated over whether she should tell Sister Rose and the others. Thinking it over, she decided to let it pass. However, she didn't know that her thoughts were slowly changing due to their companionship. If it was her from before, she would have immediately reported it.
 
The ship slowly returned to the dock, and everyone got off one by one.
 
Pastor began packing the ship, cabin, and dock into his little bag. The four of them stared stunned. It was all portable!? So awesome!? He looked over at the three's flabbergasted expression and smiled: "These are products of Fira. They're extremely expensive things. I spent a huge amount of money and treasure to get them. Being a traveling fishing enthusiast, what would I do without them."
 
So that was it. With those things, he could easily set up camp wherever he went. The four of them nodded.
 
"Ok, I'll be continuing my journey. We'll meet again if fate allows..." Pastor carried his luggage and smiled at them. He looked at Lin Le, and reached out to pet his head. "Goodbye, Little Le."
 
He then turned to leave.
 
"Uncle Pastor, we'll definitely meet again!" Lin Le shouted and waved, feeling a bit sentimental. The other three also waved their hands.
 
Pastor waved without turning back as he gradually disappeared into the distance.
 
"He has his path, and we have ours..." Ye Cang grabbed Lin Le and FrozenCloud and indifferently smiled.
 
"Mm!" Lin Le smiled and nodded. FrozenCloud didn't speak, thinking of something. What was her path? Was it to continue chasing the back of her older sister? Her field of view gradually became a bit blurry.
 
...
 
"Acting Department? Don't joke around!"
 
"Whatever, let her join the acting department if she wants. As long as she works as hard as her sister."
 
"If I knew, I would have only given birth to one."
 
"Stop talking nonsense! What if the kids heard it! Really, although FrozenCloud is a bit lacking, but she's trying her best. She's a good girl."
 
...
 
"Isn't that FrozenBlood's little sister?"
 
"That's the rising star? But compared to FrozenBlood, she's still lacking. FrozenBlood defeated a famous assassin in her first competition."
 
...
 
"FrozenCloud, your steps aren't decisive enough. Attack more sharply!"
 
...
 
"Sis, I did it!!"
 
"5th place, it's alright."
 
...
 
FrozenCloud clenched her fists and her body shivered.
 
Ye Cang felt her unwillingness. He walked up and gave her shoulder a squeeze. "Lil'Dino, don't be anxious. Soon, I'll arrange the matters over in Korea. Although Uncle Pastor is a good person, and he's very inspiring, however he's a bit too old for you. Although I don't know much, but I know that he's just a virtual character."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong nodded and patted her shoulder. "We'll be there with you."
 
"Mm!" Lin Le nodded fiercely.
 
FrozenCloud, who was having unpleasant thoughts, became so speechless that her mind was swept clean. She felt her legs becoming weak. They thought she fell in love with Pastor, and couldn't bear to part with him! She sighed deeply, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Looking at their genuine concern, she smiled. "I understand, team leader, Brother Xiong, Lele. But I don't need the plastic surgery, I'm satisfied with my own appearance."
 
The three guys froze. Then huddled up, leaving behind the startled FrozenCloud who was just a meter away. They turned their backs to her and began talking.
 
"Did Lil'Dino become stupid from being heartbroken?" Zhang ZhengXiong said stroking his chin.
 
"It's possible! She's already given into despair! We can't let this go on." Ye Cang crossed his arms and nodded.
 
"Hah~ Lil'Dino is just too stupid. If she just fixed up her appearance, she could pick from any rich, handsome, or cool guy. She'd just have to hide all her old pictures." Zhang ZhengXiong said with pity.
 
"Right, too stupid." Lin Le agreed with a nod, feeling a bit resentful.
 
"Let's continue to encourage her." Ye Cang said, and the other two approved. They each had their own plan.
 
FrozenCloud was struck dumb. She blinked her eyes, looked at the three who were right beside her, and thought: "How was this any different than speaking directly to me!! If you want to speak behind someone's back, don't do it right in front of them!!" She covered her forehead, sighed, and smiled bitterly. She was really regretting. She thought of the threes' words. Given into despair? And Lele actually said she was too stupid! She wanted to bury herself in a hole.
 
Ye Cang took out her picture, then took out a picture of A'Duo from Sisters. "Lil'Dino, don't give up. If you go get remodelled, you can become this beautiful."
 
"..." FrozenCloud felt a burst of rage. Her heart almost couldn't hold it in. Her head was filled with thoughts like: "F\*\*K! I'm definitely prettier than that A'Duo! A'Duo's actress is my senior at school! I know her! She's a stinking b\*\*\*h, moreover she just recently graduated!"
 
"It's for your own good..." Zhang ZhengXiong persuaded her earnestly.
 
"Don't let your feelings affect your decision." Lin Le sighed putting on a mature expression.
 
The threes' words, broke the last of her control. She roared: "I'll F\* !@#!@$<sub name="foooter1">1<sub>!! I'm not an ugly girl! I'm beautiful!!!"
 
The three of them stared blankly. Such profanities! But the three were happy. She's finally venting! She has her confidence back! They looked at her encouragingly.
 
"It's good that you've vented. Just let it out and cry. Let out all your unhappy thoughts." Zhang ZhengXiong said, seizing her by the shoulder. He embraced her and lightly patted her back.
 
Ye Cang placed a encouraging hand on her shoulder. "Thats right, that's the confidence you need!"
 
"Stand up straight and stick your chest out! You're the most beautiful!" Lin Le said, holding her other shoulder.
 
FrozenCloud was completely stunned. She wasn't trying to vent her difficulties! There is nothing to vent! She thought of her past grievances, and the various inhuman treatments she had experienced here, and her mental defence finally collapsed. She started to cry for real. She stuck to Zhang ZhengXiong's solid chest and received the threes encouragement. Although it was funny, but she felt care and concern that she'd never experienced before.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong sighed, gently stroked her back, and softly comforted her. "Everything will be all right..."
 
"F\*\*k you." FrozenCloud cursed as she weeped in his embrace.

---

TN: Is it the birth of a new couple!? This is my favorite part of every book, seeing cute couples forming!! The more the better! I'll now be cheering for Ye Cang x Wu Na and Zhang ZhengXiong x Lil'Dino!

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: This is not my censoring, it's just a bunch of symbols.
