---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 84"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 84: Assembling Again**
 
Ye Cang and Lin Le sighed as they watched FrozenCloud in Zhang ZhengXiong's embrace, cursing him while pounding her fists on his chest.
 
Ye Cang sent Lin Le a meaningful glance, telling him 'In this age, it's not easy being a dinosaur'.
 
Lin Le maturely crossed his arms and nodded. He replied back with his eyes: 'Who said it was?'
 
About 10 minutes later.
 
FrozenCloud had calmed down. She looked at the three people who were rather bewildered, especially Zhang ZhengXiong who had a queer expression.
 
"Ok, since Lil'Dino has vented, let's continue our journey." Ye Cang clapped his hands and said. He saw that FrozenCloud looked a bit ill at ease, and immediately walked over and patted her shoulder. "Lil'Dino, don't be ashamed. You're one of us brothers. We all treat each other sincerely, so you don't have to be shy. Let's go."
 
"Mm..." FrozenCloud sensed their smiles and her heart warmed. Although the fact they treated her as a brother still made her feel speechless, she felt both discriminated against yet cared for. It was an indescribable feeling.
 
...
 
The scene changed to ThornyRose's location.
 
"FlameEmperor has confirmed it. He's level 10 yet he hasn't gotten the choice to pick a town." ThornyRose received the news and frowned.
 
"Then there must be a 'transfer' quest. Some sort of condition must be fulfilled to unlock it." FrozenBlood analyzed. "Our really new village's transfer quest could very well be this battle against the black werewolves. Or perhaps it's the cemetery quest that Mad War is working on."
 
"Maybe, but the chances are higher that it is the black werewolves..." Ye Tian used the information she gathered in town, as well as what ThornyRose and her father told her, filtered through it and arrived at this conclusion. "Although the cemetery is important, but there's not enough informations. It is known, however, that the mayor feels very strongly about the black werewolves and wolf god. Moreover, they are tied very closely with the village. Perhaps there's a connection between the cemetery and the black werewolves." 
 
"There's not enough informations, I can't be certain." Ye Tian shook her head, ending the subject.
 
ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and GreenDew watched Little Ye Tian sort through the information and logically analyze it. However, for someone with such terrifying calculation ability, it wasn't too weird. 
 
The four were in the middle of resting and resupplying in town. Ye Tian was going all over the place gathering information. Whether it was a important or not, she inquired about it all. Moreover, she was very polite about it.
 
When the four gathered up again, Ye Tian looked at the three women and indifferently said: "I found the link between the hidden story quests."
 
ThornyRose quickly asked: "What?"
 
"Why should I tell you. I'm gonna go find my fath... brothers." Little Ye Tian gave her a dirty look and indifferently said. When she spoke about going to find Ye Cang, she seemed just like a little girl. She happily thought of her father, Brother Xiong, and Lele praising her and she felt elated.
 
ThornyRose's chest felt stuffy. This little trickster!! The veins on her forehead began to throb. FrozenBlood and GreenDew couldn't help but smile at the scene.
 
"Me and your brothers are all teammates. Come, tell big sister." ThornyRose suppressed her mood, and showed a kind smile.
 
"So? Got nothing to do with me." Little Ye Tian thought it over and shrugged, answering indifferently. She then turned her back and called Ye Cang.
 
"I'm gonna tear this brat apart..." ThornyRose showed a ferocious expression. FrozenBlood and GreenDew quickly went to console her. "Why bicker with a child. Children's words carry no harm, children's words carry no harm..."

...
 
Ye Cang, who was exploring all over the place killing monsters and gathering materials, received Ye Tian's call. He chose to accept it.
 
"Father, I discovered a hidden quest." Ye Tian reported simply.
 
"Little Tian, Good job! Wait in the village, we'll be on our way back." Ye Cang praised, then immediately hung up. He looked at the other three and smiled. "TianTian found us a hidden quest! Let's go! Back to town!"
 
FrozenCloud raised her brows. That Little Tian should be the girl that was with Sister Rose, Team leader's little sister. From what Sister Rose told her, she was a girl with a high IQ. She joined the others and they urgently kill their way back to town.

...
 
Having received praise, Ye Tian was extremely happy. She continued to stick with ThornyRose as they raised their level in the surroundings for a while, then she sat at the entrance of town to wait. ThornyRose gnashed her teeth. "If only this girl was as cute as your little sister."
 
"FrozenCloud?" FrozenBlood murmured. ThornyRose faintly sighed. "You shouldn't be so severe with her. I know you're trying to encourage her, but be careful not to go too far. When I went over to your place, I kept hearing Uncle Sun and Aunt Sun continuously praising you. But when they spoke of your sister... Tch~ Whatever, it's your family's matter. I won't butt in. Just pay attention to her feelings, or a crack could form in your relationship. At that time, it'll be too late to regret."
 
FrozenBlood faintly smiled, but didn't reply. 'She never had her own opinion ever since she was small. When will she grow up, walk her own path, live her own life, and stop walking in my shadow. That silly girl.'
 
"That scumbag is here..." ThornyRose saw four people approaching from the distance and gnashed her teeth.
 
"Big Brother, Brother Xiong, Lele..." Ye Tian's happy voice sounded, and she jogged over. Ye Cang smiled then grabbed her and lovingly petted her head. "Good girl..." 
 
Lin Le pouted, displeased. He reached out and knocked on Little Ye Tian's head. "Call me Brother Le!"
 
"Oh, Brother Le..." Ye Tian pouted. FrozenCloud couldn't help smiling at Lele's childishness.
 
"Thanks Madam. We'll be going now, let's meet again when the attack starts." Ye Cang looked towards ThornyRose and said indifferently. He then looked to little Ye Tian. "Go say thank you to aunty."
 
"Thank you Aunty. Goodbye Aunty." Ye Tian quickly said. Their two voices were so alike.
 
Aunty? Aunty!? The veins on ThornyRose's forehead looked like they would burst. She began to look like a furious wild boar. FrozenBlood and GreenDew broke out in cold sweat as they restrained ThornyRose who was brandishing her claws and roaring. "Call me sister! Also you, damn lowlife! Don't try to ditch us! We're also involved in the hidden story quest!!"
 
"Calm down, calm down. I was just joking with you." Ye Cang quickly pulled the frightened Ye Tian behind him.
 
After a few minutes, Thornyrose calmed down. "Let's go."
 
"Little Tian, when you grow up, you can't become like that. Got it?" The sound of Ye Cang educating Little Ye Tian could be heard. It wasn't loud, nor was it quiet.
 
Little Ye Tian's intelligent voice followed. "Mm! I got it."
 
Then the sound of ThornyRose's teeth gnashing against each other sounded out. FrozenCloud stood beside ThornyRose and nodded. "What he said is very reasonable." 
 
ThornyRose's chest tightened. That woman was also a black bellied<sub name="foooter1">1<sub> individual. She recalled that collection of pictures, and sighed. "Get lost!"
 
GreenDew walked before Ye Cang's group. "Really, you guys should stop provoking Sister Rose..."
 
"Brother Lil'White, I've been feeling confused. She looks so familiar, I think I've met her somewhere before. Moreover, not just once." Lin Le stroked his chin looking at GreenDew doubtfully. 
 
"Sorry whoever you are, Lele is not good at remembering people. Sorry sorry." Ye Cang looked towards GreenDew apologetically and smiled.
 
"..." GreenDew felt astonished and defeated and furious.
 
"Pfft..." ThornyRose, who was walking in front, heard GreenDew's conversation and couldn't hold back her laugh. Those guys, really made others not know whether to laugh or cry.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Black bellied means evil/sly/manipulative.
