---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 86"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 86: Invitations and More Invitations**
 
"It's a hidden story quest. We can have up to 10 people. Right now we already have 9. We're missing one more." Ye Cang looked at the hidden story quest they'd received, there wasn't anything of note. It basically just said to resolve the crisis at the mines. He sent the quest description to the others in the party.
 
"Let's give that last spot to NalanMoon, after all, we're all allies. Just consider it selling her a favor." ThornyRose proposed.
 
Ye Cang nodded. That was fine, he could conveniently give her the equipment she bought. "Ok, I'll inform her. Let's gather after breakfast. I have some things to take care of in town, everyone can take the time to get ready."
 
"Oh right, I've got a <Minor Holy Shield> skillbook. 3 gold. Anyone want to buy it?" SpyingBlade saw that a few good customers were present, and took out a skillbook. 
 
Minor Holy Shield (Beginner Level - Common): Chant a verse and a keyword (1.5 seconds), and create a shield around the target that can absorb 10 damage. The skill is affected by intelligence, wisdom, and spell power. Receives a bonus when cast by a holy class. Cost: 5 Mana. Cooldown: 15 Seconds.
 
"I'll buy it." Ye Cang recalled that Little Ye Tian still didn't have any skills besides the wind blade from the wand that GreenDew had given her. ThornyRose thought about it, none of her guild's core holy classes were in this town, so letting that little girl learn it was not a bad alternative. It fit well with her outstanding judgement. As for Shaking Bear, that melee, brain-dead priest... he barely had time to cast spells.
 
Ye Cang immediately paid the money, and let Little Ye Tian learn it. Then, after everyone decided on a time to meet up, he contacted NalanMoon.
 
"You're back in town?" NalanMoon asked.
 
"Mm, come fetch your things. Also, we're doing a hidden quest and we're missing one person. Interested?" Ye Cang got straight to the point.
 
NalanMoon raised her brows happily. A hidden quest, the rewards would definitely not be lacking. Unfortunately there was only 1 spot left. "I'm also in town, let's meet up."
 
NalanMoon arrived and met Ye Cang's group of 5. She saw what looked like an anti-cavalry saber on Lin Le's back and knew it had astonishing destructive power. Looks like they had no choice but to exchange their weapon. She then looked at Ye Cang's heavy longbow. They must have killed another boss, or completed some hidden quest. Her sight landed on Ye Tian, there was someone new? Her equipment looked mediocre, but she looked extremely similar to that PaleSnow. 
 
After finishing their business transactions, and informing her the meeting time, Ye Cang brought his party away.
 
...
 
ThornyRose's side.
 
"You're still not going to invite them into the guild? Zhang ZhengXiong's auras are too astonishing. It gave a whole 8 physique, 6 defence, 8 spell focus, and even 2 wisdom. With him around, the party's strength would increase by a level, especially their survival. Not to mention he's the best tank I've ever seen. And PaleSnow, ignoring his character, whether melee or range, he's a top grade expert with nothing to complain about. As for Lele, that astonishing destructive power and his hidden class are both useful." Hearing FrozenBlood's argument, ThornyRose could only sigh. She shook her head and said: "He won't join us."
 
"Why?" GreenDew didn't understand.
 
"That's right." FrozenBlood thought it over and nodded. "PaleSnow's personality, although we haven't known him for long, but he doesn't seem like someone who would take order from others. However, we can still ask."
 
ThornyRose hesitated for a bit, then message Ye Cang who was in the middle of buying equipment for Little Ye Tian.
 
"What?" Ye Cang asked.
 
"Although we don't have an official guild yet, but I hope you guys would join my guild." ThornyRose endured her feelings and asked professionally.
 
"Nope, I want to establish my own guild. I've already thought of a name. I'll take a character from each of me, A'Xiong, and Lele's IDs. It'll be called Happy Firmaments. Are you interested? Although we don't have an official guild yet, but I hope you guys would join my guild." Ye Cang asked back.
 
ThornyRose froze. He was starting a guild? He actually turned it around and asked her to join!? He even copied her exact words! She was no longer able to restrain her emotions. She made a refined womanly laugh. This bastard sure was interesting. "Hohoho~ Ok, that's all."
 
She then immediately ended the call. FrozenBlood looked at her and couldn't help smiling. However, it wasn't a ridiculing sneer, but a doubtful smile.
 
"He said he wanted his own guild. He even reversed things and invited us to join. His guild will be called Happy Firmaments." ThornyRose smiled.
 
"He's really an unpredictable guy." FrozenBlood heard it and couldn't help smiling. Making a guild wasn't so easy, whether it be supervising or recruiting members. GreenDew looked doubtful, could those guys do it?
 
...
 
"Bro, were you speaking the truth? We're going to establish a guild? Zhang ZhengXiong asked.
 
"Of course. I'll be leader. You and Lele will be deputy leaders. Lil'Dino and Little Tian will be elders. Our guild won't go recruiting people, we'll only invite the reliable ones. However many we find will be it. Right now, mini paths are popular, so our path will be to make a mini-guild. Not a bad idea, right?" Ye Cang's party slowly nodded. FrozenCloud was startled, a guild with only a few people? It sounded rather interesting. She suddenly shook her head. So dangerous, she was almost brainwashed. She still had to return to Thorns and Roses. Besides, what's the difference between having a mini-guild and not having a guild...
 
Ye Tian wanted to talk about what a guild needed to be strong and all the information she'd researched and thought over, but after hearing Ye Cang's words, she couldn't help nodding. 'Father sure is different!' As long as it was something her father had decided on, she would shout loudly 'Father is amazing!'
 
"Brother Lil'White sure is clever." Lin Le sucked up, rushing to be ahead of Little Ye Tian.
 
Ye Tian became angry. That damn Lele, too hateful. She recalled their games of Ludo, that feeling of being defeated, and she shouted in her heart: "I'll definitely win over you!!" 
 
"It's nothing..." Ye Cang waved modestly, his vanity satisfied. FrozenCloud rolled her eyes, but felt his gaze turn towards her. She quickly acted amazed."As expected of team leader."
 
Ye Cang gratefully patted her shoulder. "In the future, we'll be together through the good times and bad."
 
Speaking of bad times, the party felt their stomachs revolting as they recalled the recent roast fish set meal. They all covered their mouths. Little Ye Tian stared blankly, extremely astonished. What happened!? She completely didn't understand their behavior. It was too abstruse, she couldn't deduce it at all. "What happened? What happened?"
 
FrozenCloud put a hand on her little shoulder and let out a gloomy smile. "You'll understand."
 
Zhang ZhengXiong looked at Ye Tian with an odd expression then sighed deeply. He felt some sympathy for her, she was still so young.
 
"We'll be suffering together." Lin Le smiled at Little Ye Tian, imagining them all eating together.
 
"Don't listen to them, it's not that bad." Ye Cang gave them dirty glares. FrozenCloud roared in her heart: "Not that bad!? It's worse! It's just impossible to describe!!"
 
Looking at their expressions, Little Ye Tian felt a new feeling. For the first time in her life, she felt fear that made her hairs stand on end and her body shiver from cold.
