---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 87"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 87: Ye Tian Goes to School and More Invitations**
 
"Little Tian, I haven't formally introduced you. This is Lil'Dino, our good brother." Ye Tian pulled FrozenCloud over and patted her back with an indifferent smile.
 
FrozenCloud smiled awkwardly. "Nice to meet you, Little Tian."
 
"Big Sister Lil'Dino, nice to meet you." Little Ye Tian politely said. She felt puzzled, wasn't her ID FrozenCloud? Why call her Lil'Dino? Was Dino in her real name? She asked curiously: "Why are you called Lil'Dino?"
 
The three guys froze. Ye Cang quickly interrupted. "Let's not speak of such a heavy subject."
 
Lin Le pulled Ye Tian over and quietly said: "Because she's butt ugly, so we call her Lil'Dino. Don't tell anyone, got it? It could hurt Lil'Dino's feelings."
 
Lin Le's voice was just loud enough for FrozenCloud to hear. The veins on her forehead faintly throbbed as she shouted in her heart: 'Yet you still call me Lil'Dino!'
 
Lin Le then continued to take out a picture. "This is Lil'Dino's picture. Although she looks like that, she has a good heart."
 
Ye Tian looked at the picture and was stunned. She began comparing the picture and the girl infront of her. God was just too cruel. Her mouth hung wide open. Zhang ZhengXiong walked over. "That's why we're raising money to take her to Korea and transform her, so that she can become beautiful."
 
"I understand, father, Lele, Brother Xiong. I'll also do my best." Little Ye Tian said feeling respect for her father and brothers. This was the legendary pleasure from helping others. She nodded earnestly.
 
FrozenCloud clenched her teeth. Was this the highest level of insulting someone? Wait... father!? She looked at Ye Tian and to make sure. "What did you just call team leader?" She had heard it, but she thought she might have heard wrong.
 
"Father." Ye Tian's words stunned FrozenCloud. This was his daughter!? Not his little sister? They do look extremely similar. She looked at Ye Cang waiting for his answer.
 
"Mm, I can be considered her father. Right now, I'm her guardian. Little Ye Tian, besides when around us few, you have to call me brother, got it?" Ye Cang instructed her again. It was mainly because it would be a pain to explain.
 
FrozenCloud was still lost in her thoughts. Judging by their age, she was definitely not his daughter by blood, but they must be closely related. It wasn't good to ask too much about someone else's family matters, and she also had no need to know.
 
"Let's go. First we'll eat breakfast, then we'll come back and deal with some things." Ye Cang said, then the four went offline. FrozenCloud faintly smiled, then again crossed her arms, leaned on a fence, and closed her eye's to meditate.
 
...
 
Breakfast time.
 
"We're having steamed dumplings and soy milk again! Awesome!" Wu Na couldn't make heads or tails of Lin Le's words. It was something they ate every day, there's no reason to be so excited about it. It was like he met some long lost relative.
 
"Mm!" Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.
 
"Ok, ok. Everyone go wash up first." Wu Na patted and patted the few people, saving the steamed dumplings from their dirty evil clutches.
 
The four of them lined up at the washroom; Zhang ZhengXiong, Ye Cang, Lin Le, Ye Tian, going from tallest to shortest, like a flight of stairs. 
 
"Bro, help me scratch my back, I can't reach."
 
"Little Tian, I'll help you squeeze your toothpaste."
 
"Thank you Lele."
 
"Call me Brother Le!"
 
Wu Na looked at the four of them and felt warmth in her heart. Then she thought of Ye Tian. "Right, when will we bring Little Tian to the school to be tested. We should let her go to school. With her ability, she should be able to jump straight to college."
 
Ye Cang returned to the table and began eating. "Why don't you bring her later? I need to go online and sell some unneeded equipment to earn some money. I'll leave some for you."
 
"Really, what kind of father is this." Wu Na gave him a glare. Zhang ZhengXiong had an odd expression. They were complaining just like a married couple in a soap opera. 'Today you have to go pick up our daughter. I have to work and don't have time.' That sort of thing. He then looked at Lin Le who was teaching Little Ye Tian to respect her elders, especially himself. He couldn't help laughing.
 
After breakfast, Wu Na brought little Ye Tian out. Ye Cang and the guys returned to the game and pushed their cart around hawking their goods. FrozenCloud covered her face. It was so embarrassing going around like this as if they were selling baked yams. She saw it was her turn. Under the encouraging gaze of the others, she clenched her teeth and began pushed the handcart. Everyone in the small town was looking towards them with strange expressions. The three's encouragement made her want to find a hole to hide in, especially Zhang Zhengxiong who was standing on the side beating his warhammer on his crystal shield as if it was a gong.
 
"Lil'Dino, stand up straight! Don't mind their gazes, just be yourself!"
 
"Being a handcart showgirl is your first step in becoming a beauty!"
 
"Shout out loudly!"
 
"Come and have a look! Freshly obtained, quality equipment! Definitely worth their cost, prices are fair! Come and have a look!" FrozenCloud shouted with a red face. 
 
...
 
Meanwhile, Wu Na's mind was a mess as she looked at Ye Tian returning from the test. This girl directly skipped over everything and was now a postgraduate student, and also a 2nd rank citizen. She even had the freedom to research anything she wanted, she just had to hand in a thesis by the end of the semester. She had spoken with those old researchers and made them flush with anger and shame. If she hadn't stopped her in time, that little girl would have angered them all to death. 
 
...
 
Third administration building.
 
"11 years old postgraduate student? Child prodigy - Ye Tian!? Researching macromolecular vibrations? Ye Cang's long lost sister!? Well they really do look alike. Born in the capital. Another one raised in an orphanage. Was like Ye Cang, abandoned. Nothing special happened at the orphanage. One day she accidently found out she had a brother, and came to LinHai to search for him. They were reunited and are now living together." Zhang ShaoFeng was astonished in so many ways. He looked down at her IQ, stunned. "IQ at least 230? The brother only has 74 IQ, but the sister has over 230. There's so many strange occurrences this year. LiJia, go consult Ye Cang. Let her join the 5 schools competition think-tank team. I have no more invitations, you should still have one left."
 
Li LiJia slowly nodded. This girl was so young yet had such a good brain. Just looking at the IQ test results, she must have an amazing memory. Out of 10 million people, perhaps not even one would have an IQ as high as hers. Although they wasted two invitations on Ye Cang and Lin Le, they were able to get treasures like Zhang ZhengXiong and Ye Tian. It was absolutely worth it.  This matter should not be delayed, the first and second administration's agents have probably already received the news. She immediately ran downstairs and intercepted Ye Tian and Wu Na who were on their way home.
 
"Instructor Li?" Wu Na recognized the girl in front of them.
 
"5 schools competition?" Ye Tian directly asked.
 
Such a clever girl, Li LiJia was amazed. She immediately nodded: "Correct."
 
"I want to be with my big brother and the others." Ye Tian smiled. Wu Na heard it and was confused. The conversation between these two was too succinct.
 
Li LiJia hesitated a bit. "Ok."
 
She then took out four light purple badges in the shape of begonia blossoms. "Last time that guy, Zhang ZhengXiong, left in too much of a hurry. This is LinHai college's symbol - the purple begonia. It's also your identities as members of the five schools competition team."
