---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 89"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 89: Doubt**
 
Standing above the stairs, Ye Cang drew his ranger's longbow. The bow string stretched taut, and he aimed so he could shoot at any moment. Shoo~ A powerful arrow shot forwards. The arrow pierced through the front-most rat on the right side and stabbed into the floor, pinning it there. NalanMoon moon saw that terrifying penetrative power, and sighed. That heavy longbow's penetrative power was astonishing.
 
ThornyRose glanced up at Ye Cang. That guy was simply the cold weapons version of a sniper. 
 
"Sister Green Dew, 15 degrees to the left, 50 degrees down, delay 2 seconds and you can hit one. 0.1 seconds after casting, move 5 degrees in the 7 o'clock direction. There will be a surprise... probably." Little Ye Tian used the torchlight and calculated the big rat's velocity. GreenDew nodded. Little Ye Tian was just like an assistant, she could instantly determine the time and distance. Originally, GreenDew would have to wait for the party to engage before shooting, but now she could directly rely on the information and shoot, even though it wasn't an easy spell to intercept with.
 
GreenDew's magic missiles shot out, following Ye Tian's directions. The first one accurately hit one of the rat's charging towards ThornyRose. The remaining four acted as if they had grown eyes and chased down the rat. The last missile even hit the other rat, greatly slowing it down. NalanMoon watched dumbstruck. Magic Missiles could be used like that!? So accurate, it was like cheating. It would be easy for her little brother, but that GreenDew is only a second rate rookie with a bit of potential.
 
ThornyRose smiled bitterly. It was definitely due to that little girl's instructions. Now besides a humanoid dice alien, there was also a humanoid aim-bot. Her side now had virtually no pressure.
 
On Zhang ZhengXiong's side, seeing the large rat being pinned down by an arrow, he roared and charged over like a tank with his shield raised, not caring about the counter attacks. Ye Tian's holy shield appeared around him, and the other two rats were knocked back as if they were hit by a truck. FrozenCloud, who was following him closely, slipped past him as he backed up a few steps from the collision. Luckily he had a holy shield, otherwise he would have lost much more health.
 
FrozenCloud accelerated and then struck with her elbow, followed by a Wolverine Strike. The rat was stunned! Triple strike, Shoryuken! The rat was stunned again and launched into the air. Ye Cang, in a flash, took out two arrows and and quickly aimed a double shot, helping to slay it. As for the other one, while it was still stunned from the collision, Lin Le merely slashed with his blade. Then he brandished his big blade again, chopping down extremely quickly. Execute! Two attacks! Execute had dealt a ton of damage, easily finishing it off.
 
Two system messages arrived. ThornyRose and the others' hearts trembled. So fast, they had already finished!?
 
Ye Cang noted that the one that was pinned to the ground by him was coming again and quickly reminded: "A'Xiong, intercept it!"
 
Zheng ZhengXiong readied his hammer then raised his shield, blocking the rat's sharp claws. He swung his hammer, activating it's ability, smashing downwards. The sound of bones cracking could be heard, and it was stunned. Lin Le quickly leapt over, and slashed with his blade; leaving a big scar and causing it to wail. He retreated a bit, holding his blade behind him, gripping it tightly with both hands. He slashed out, the image of a black half-moon flashed. It hit the previous wound, cutting it in half.
 
Lin Le stabbed his blade into the ground, put his two hands on his waist and laughed into the sky. He stood straight and proud. "Haha~! Hahaha~! Who! Is! Next!!!"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong felt envious. Lele had so many killing moves. His bro also had both ranged and melee attacks. He sighed, all he had was a double strike.
 
ThornyRose and the others, who were still in the middle of an intense battle, didn't know whether to laugh or cry, especially NalanMoon who had a strange expression. This HappyAndCheerful acted like a primary school kid, but that destructive blade was too astonishing. She took special note of that black moon attack that had cut the rat in half at its waist.
 
Ye Cang couldn't help smiling, but then his pupils shrank and he roared loudly: "Lele, run! Watch out behind you!"
 
From a hole behind Lin Le, a pair of red eyes flashed. Because of Ye Cang's warning, he rushed to pull out his blade, but he couldn't get away in time. A black shadow whipped out. Luckily, Lin Le's blade happened to block the attack. He let out a painful "Aahhh" as he was sent flying, smashing into a nearby support beam. Zhang ZhengXiong had quickly cast a spell, replenishing some of his health, but despite this, he still lost over 60%.
 
ThornyRose's side finished off those two cave rats, and hurried over to provide support. Ye Cang took a few steps down the stairs then jumped down. The red eyes in the hole blinked, then disappeared into the darkness. They frowned, it didn't come out!?
 
Ye Cang had seen it turn around and leave. This creature was intelligent. It looked similar to an alligator, but he couldn't identify it as he hadn't seen it clearly. They arrived at the hole and looked inside. It was another tunnel that went deeper into the mines.
 
Lin Le slowly crawled up. "Ah, Lele hurts."
 
"Who told you to be so arrogant." FrozenCloud glared at him unhappily, but still walked over to help him up.
 
"Lil'Dino is right. Although we have a wise and farsighted team leader, even he can't be too arrogant." Ye Cang nodded, showing his approval, then casting a healing stream.
 
ThornyRose and the girls glared at him. Those guys are all just as bad.
 
"Mm, I got it." Lin Le nodded his head.
 
"Did you see it clearly?" NalanMoon knew that Ye Cang could see in the dark so she asked him.
 
"Not very clearly. It was some sort of reptile, similar to an alligator. It wasn't a rat." Ye Cang had only seen a vague silhouette.
 
"My bro is right, its tail looked like an alligator's." Zhang ZhengXiong was closest to Lin Le, and the tail had swept out right in front of him, even if only for a moment.
 
"It's really strong." Lin Le added in.
 
You don't say! Everyone looked towards him.
 
"It didn't come out. It seems this boss has a bit of intelligence, which means it's probably not wild." ThornyRose, NalanMoon, and the others looked at SpyingBlade approvingly. It was able to analyze the situation, choose to withdraw, moreover it was near the surface. It was likely that it had been influenced by another intelligent creature. If it was a creature who had been sleeping underground for years, its primal instincts would have suppressed its reason. It was true for most wild creatures, they were impulsive and irrational.
 
"I'm afraid this mine won't be so easy. What they dug up was probably not as simple as a monster nest." Ye Tian's words astonished NalanMoon. Such a cool-headed analysis came from the mouth of such a young girl. It felt out of sorts. She looked at the others, and besides SpyingBlade who showed a bit of surprise, no one else reacted.
 
"She's probably right." ThornyRose frowned as she thought.
