---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 93"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 93: Indecent**
  
ThornyRose felt her health slowly recovering, and holy shields would appear at critical times. She looked over at Ye Tian, having a dedicated support really reduced the pressure.
 
The remaining two lizards, were very quickly dealt with by the party. The 6 lizards gave everyone a total of 5 excellent quality equipment. NalanMoon sighed, appreciating the instance's drop-rate and Lele's extraordinary luck. By this time, most of the party had received at least 1 or 2 items.
 
Ye Cang discovered a dark cave in a high up a wall. There should be a treasure chest there. He sneakily made his way over while everyone else was distributing the excellent quality equipment. *You mortals! Watch as my divine hand loots a god level artifact!*
 
ThornyRose suddenly felt like there was something wrong. *Where was the lowlife? Every time a monster died, he would make a racket. But where was he now?* She looked around and saw him sneaking away. *What was he doing?* SpyingBlade swept his eyes over and pinched his brows. "Not good, he found a hidden treasure chest!!" 
 
ThornyRose's heart shook. She recalled that chest in the volcano. *That bastard! He want's to ruin another chest!* She leaped up and charged towards him. "Freeze!!"
 
Ye Cang saw the rapidly approaching ThornyRose, and quickly activated his shoe's ability. He jumped up and began to climb. Everyone impatiently ran over, trying to catch up. NalanMoon was full of questions. *If he want's to open it just let him. Why did everyone have to rush over to watch?*
 
ThornyRose leapt over. Ye Cang quickly tried to evade her pounce, but she still managed to grab onto his leg and held on tightly. "Let me go! I discovered the chest! So I should open it!!"
 
"Get lost! If you open it, there won't even be a grain of sand! Lele, hurry and go up!!" ThornyRose said holding on tightly. She tried to pull him down.
 
FrozenCloud saw NalanMoon's doubt and sighed. "You don't know. Team leader, when he loots a boss, the boss drops nothing. If he loots a chest, it'll be empty. Even his rolls won't be higher than 2."
 
"It's really that bad?" NalanMoon asked astonished and stared doubtfully.
 
"She's telling the truth." FrozenBlood looked at the two's farce on the wall and smiled.
 
Lin Le suddenly jumped, and leapt directly into the dark hole.
 
"Damn Lele! That's my treasure chest!! Miiinnneeee!!!" Ye Cang couldn't get rid of ThornyRose no matter what he tried. He looked at the silhouette that had flew up and let out a roar filled with unwillingness. Disappointed, he lost his strength. The two began falling from the wall. ThornyRose felt weightless for a moment, then hit the ground and felt something on top of her.
 
Everyone was stunned. After falling, their position was just too frightening. They actually landed in a 69 position! One with the man on top and the woman underneath! FrozenBlood smirked in her heart. *This game is turning out to be too much fun.* She quickly ran over and took out a camera. "Say cheese~" Click~ *This will also be a precious picture. As expected of my sister.*
 
ThornyRose remained still, having yet to react. *This is his butt? His butt!? F\*\*k!! I'm going to kill you!* She thought of all her resentment. She directly opened her mouth and bit down! 
 
Ye Cang who was just getting up felt a pain on his butt, and let out a blood curdling scream. "Aaaah! My butt! My butt! She's biting my butt!!"
 
Everyone was struck dumb. Wasn't this too much? Zhang ZhengXiong whose butt felt a bit chilly looked towards Little Ye Tian and saw her stupefied expression. He quickly covered her eyes. "Kids shouldn't look! It's too indecent!"
 
NalanMoon also watched blankly. *When did ThornyRose become so shameful? She actually bit someone's butt, and it doesn't look light. Just how much does she hate this ranger. It looks like their grudge is rather deep. No wonder her mood would become so strange when she spoke of him.*
 
Ye Cang quickly got up and retreated, holding his butt. He felt the pain and complained. "Ouch... That crazy old lady..."
 
FrozenBlood helped ThornyRose up, and then held her back. "Calm. Calm. It was an accident. An accident."
 
"I'm going to slaughter him! Release me! Aaah!" ThornyRose had completely lost her mind and was baring her fangs at Ye Cang who was still holding his butt. She, again, began to look like an infuriated wild boar.
 
"Brother Lil'White! Sister Rose! The treasure chest has a pair of greaves and a shield!" Lin Le's voice allowed ThornyRose to take a deep breath. *I'll remember this, and get you back later! Damn lowlife! Bastard! A shield came out?* Shields were one of the most important equipments for a defensive fighter. She felt her heart beat expectantly.
 
"You got a little bit of revenge, how do you feel?" FrozenBlood said quietly beside her.
 
ThornyRose very fiercely glared at her and said unhappily. "Go away! You b\*\*\*h that's just here to watch the fun."
 
"Lele, come down." Ye Cang said. Lin Le jumped down and handed him the equipment.
 
The shield was a rectangular shield, one meter long and half a meter wide. It was also rather thick. The greaves were made to be fastened to the user's legs. FrozenCloud renounced the two items. Only Zhang ZhengXiong and ThornyRose were left. Thinking it over, the crystal shield actually belonged to ThornyRose, she was just lending it to him. He passed on the new shield giving it to her. It could be considered as him paying back his loan. As for the greaves, Zhang ZhengXiong already had masterwork quality ones, there was no need to change them, so he gave them to her too.
 
ThornyRose felt much better after putting on her new superior quality equipment. Her attributes and defence increased by quite a bit. She thought back to earlier, it could be considered her having taken a bit of revenge. She began to feel annoyed again. She stared at Ye Cang, with her fists clenched tightly. *That was far from enough. Two arrows worth of hatred! I'll get it back!*
 
Sensing ThornyRose's burning gaze, he held his butt and began trembling. *This crazy old lady couldn't have fallen for me, right?* He rubbed his butt. *Hah~ Who told me to be such a charming leader.*
 
GreenDew thought of their adventures with Ye Cang's group. Although it had only been 2 weeks, but his and Sister Rose's hatred was like a grudge built up over multiple lives. It was impossible to unravel. From the very first arrow that broke down her back door, it only became worse as various resentments stacked up. She then thought of Lele and felt a burst of anger. She walked up beside him and smiled. "This time, you should remember me right?"
 
Lin Le glared at her and said unhappily. "Don't whine for attention like a brat. You're already so old, yet still so childish. Really, what do I do with you."
 
Saying that, he picked up his blade and sighed like a wise old man before walking over to stand with Zhang ZhengXiong and Ye Tian. He left behind the stunned GreenDew, whose heart had been pierced by his words and was hovering on the edge of life and death.
 
ThornyRose and FrozenBlood broke out into a fit of giggles. *This Lele, GreenDew must be so angry.*
 
SpyingBlade sighed. This party would be perfect if they weren't so indecent. "While we still have the buff, let's hurry and continue. You all wouldn't want to drink another pot of that thing. Moreover, it'll be cold."
 
SpyingBlade's words, made everyone's stomachs roll. They all began putting forth 120% effort. NalanMoon also broke out into cold sweat, and she quickly covered her mouth. She definitely didn't want to try it again, just thinking about it made her want to throw up.
