---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 95"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks: "Not Red Yet"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 95: Double Boss**
 
Everyone selected their two buffs and hit the floor.
 
A few minutes later, they all awakened and continued exploring.
 
As they penetrated deeper into the mine, the number of human corpses and lizards increased. They continued to clear the path. The food buffs made them feel especially valiant.
 
Gradually, they began to run into less battles, and the mine became increasingly more peaceful. Ye Cang couldn't help raising his brows and looking down the tunnel into the darkness. If they went a bit further, it should be the end.
 
The path eventually led them to an enormous underground sinkhole, and there was no other visible path.
 
"This should be the place the workers accidently dug up. It looked like it caved in." Little Ye Tian said after analyzing the area around it. It was 30 meters wide and it's depth was still unknown. She picked up a rock, weighing it in her hand, then threw it in. She slowly closed her eyes, and heard a tiny clack~ sound. Slowly opening her eyes, she informed everyone: "23.15 meters deep."
 
"Is this the monster nest?" ThornyRose crossed her arms, looked down into the seemingly bottomless hole, and murmured.
 
NalanMoon thought *this little girl is really extraordinary. Everyone in that little team is surprisingly capable.*
 
"Well, let's go down and see." Ye Cang took out a couple coils of rope and distributed them. They tied them tightly to some nearby boulders, and threw the other end of the rope down. He took the lead to begin scaling down the wall, and everyone followed closely, one after another.
 
The deeper underground they went, the darker it became, rendering them as good as blind. Even Ye Cang's vision was drastically reduced, the bottom was simply too dark. The good thing was they still had quite a few torches.
 
After reaching the bottom, they saw another rugged tunnel, but they could see a light at the end of this one. They lit their torches and made their way forwards. On the way, they didn't run into any creatures, and quickly approached the other side of the tunnel. Everyone extinguished their torches. If they went in with it lit, it wouldn't be much different than knocking on the door and announcing themselves. 
 
Ye Cang advanced cautiously and arrived at the edge of the light. The light was in a very spacious cave. He slowly made his way in and hid behind a nearby stalagmite. He peaked his head out to look inside. Rather than a cave, it would be more fitting to call it a nest. In the distance, there was a large crystal emitting purple light. Around the room were 10 other crystals, but they were much smaller compared to that one in the distance. Ye Cang roughly glanced around the room. There were about 40 of what appeared to be monster eggs being incubated by the light coming from the purple crystals.
 
At this time, Ye Cang saw it. That enormous lizard that had sneak attacked Lin Le. It was 8 meters long, with solid cyan skin. Not far beside it was another one that was about the same size, but it was light purple. The two enormous lizards appeared to be guarding these eggs.
 
Rock Lizard King - Olamus (Rare - Boss): King of the rock lizard community, exceptionally strong.
 
Rock Lizard Queen - Ojis (Rare - Boss): Olamus' mate, in charge of guarding the breeding room.
 
While he hadn't been discovered, Ye Cang retreated from behind the stalagmite, and described the situation to everyone.
 
"Then this should be their nest. Those miners unfortunately dug near their breeding grounds." ThornyRose summed up.
 
"Moreover, the light coming from the crystals must be important to their breeding. Perhaps it's a special property of these creatures." Ye Tian said, taking note of the crystals that Ye Cang had described.
 
"A pair of bosses." SpyingBlade faintly frowned.
 
"So annoying, running into a double boss now." NalanMoon also furrowed her brows. She looked towards Ye Cang and ThornyRose waiting for their instructions. Those two were the most familiar with the team, so could make the best strategies.
 
"Really, the worst thing to come across early game is groups of bosses, it's easier to mess up. Moreover, looking at it, they seem to be the king and queen of the group. Let's first split into two teams. Me, FrozenBlood, SpyingBlade, NalanMoon will be in charge of the light purple queen. Only your team can heal. Shaking Bear won't have time, at most he might get the occasional heal off." ThornyRose rapidly decided on the teams, when she recalled that Zhang ZhengXiong was a priest. And not just any priest, but one that had a healing spell. Her heart tightened. He was also the best equipped tank, and his skill was unquestionable. She looked at him and smiled bitterly.
 
"Lele, pay attention to my instructions. When there's an opportunity to attack, I'll tell you. Your attack power will be the most effective against these high defence bosses. Losing you would be  a heavy loss so you must be careful, and don't become greedy." ThornyRose recalled Lele's childish character and warned him. Then she called Ye Cang over. "Can you let me see Lele's skills? If the bosses' defence turn out to be too high, we will need him and GreenDew to break through it."
 
Ye Cang hesitated a bit. "One must be vigilant to not be harmed."
 
ThornyRose grit her teeth and sighed. "In the future when you make your guild, we can form an alliance."
 
Ye Cang didn't understand, so he had Little Ye Tian explain it to him. He then thought it over. *Whatever, not like I'm losing anything. Moreover, she's rather trustworthy. As for her temperament... that's another matter. For this battle, she needed to know in order to command it. Besides, when we left Really New Village, we will probably go to separate towns. That crazy old lady bit both my face and my butt. What if she bites that place next time.* He slowly nodded. "Ok."
 
The two of them reached an agreement. Ye Cang had Lin Le come and show her his equipment abilities and active skills.
 
"Don't tell anyone else~" Lin Le suspiciously looked around. 
 
ThornyRose rolled her eyes. She scanned through his attributes and stats, and sighed. *This Lele, although foolish, his destructive power was second to none. That big blade reached up to 20 damage.  And that Bloodmoon Chop, it had both high damage and caused heavy bleeding. Berserk was already known, and that whirlwind attack turned out to be called Whirlwind Strike... wait... Intermediate Level? They received a skill point? Handcart Home Run, Crossed Eyes, that confusion technique. He had many strong control moves. Leap, that extremely practical engaging and retreating skill.* She froze when she saw Execute. Now she understood how he had slain a high defence rock lizard in just two strikes. The damage scaling on this skill was a bit OP, however there were trigger conditions. He needed the creature to be stunned, or some other weakened state, in order to use it. She more or less had a plan now.
 
"Aren't I awesome!" Lin Le raised his chin proudly.
 
ThornyRose smiled and nodded. She reached out a hand and pet his head. "Mm, really awesome."
 
Lin Le's ahoge began to bounce joyfully. "Of course..."
 
ThornyRose's heart warmed up. *Such a simple and pure person.* Then her heart ached. *He should be around 20 already.* She looked at Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong, and smiled without a word. She started becoming curious about the relationship between the three. She was especially curious of Ye Cang. *That lowlife, just what kind of dumbass is he in reality.*
