---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 96"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 96: NalanMoon's Puzzlement
 
"Lele, remember to save berserk, leap, and bloodmoon chop. This set of moves, I'll gather the two bosses when it's appropriate, and you can use that opportunity to deal heavy damage." ThornyRose warned him in a low voice. Lin Le nodded. "I got it."
 
Everyone had finished their preparations. Ye Cang took the lead, arrived behind a stalagmite, and prepared an arrow. He signalled towards them. "Enter."
 
"Go!" ThornyRose shouted quietly. They split according to their predetermined teams and rushed in.
 
The lizard king and queen simultaneously discovered them, and issued a strange call. From each the left and the right, 5-6 rock lizards crawled out from the tunnels. They began rushing towards the few people.
 
ThornyRose furrowed her brows, there was a even a first stage where they had to kill a swarm of little mobs. It's becoming more and more troublesome. "Retreat! Gather up! GreenDew, PaleSnow, prepare to cast Tidal Wave."
 
Everyone squeezed around the tunnel to welcome the dozen lizards. Ye Cang and GreenDew stood in front, water rippling in their hands. NalanMoon saw that Ye Cang was holding a bow and arrow in his left while casting magic with his right. She felt rather surprised, *that guy had such a well rounded build. He not only had a healing over time spell, but even had a crowd control spell. However, wasn't it too diverse even for a jack-of-all-trades ranger?*
 
Two walls of water rushed forth. It was clear that Ye Cang's was much stronger. GreenDew's struck first, knocking them back. Ye Cang's struck after and sent them all flying onto their backs. ThornyRose looked towards Ye Cang with an odd expression. His magic damage was so high! Much higher than GreenDew's. She had already been suspicious when he cast Healing Stream, it had been equivalent to 2 of Little Tian's heals. Just how high was his magic power and intelligence? It must be due to a talent, something that raised his magic power using another attribute. He probably even had some magic power equipment.
 
NalanMoon was also startled. His magic damage was actually higher than a mage's by so much!? It was practically several times higher.
 
After the two people's magic, everyone charged into battle. They rapidly disposed of these rock lizards. The distant lizard king hissed angrily, and the queen began to sway her body, blowing dust around.
 
"Act according to the previous plan! GreenDew, cast your spells. Lowlife, just do whatever." ThornyRose looked at king that was charging and causing the earth to shake. She quickly categorized Ye Cang as an all-round ranged support. Although he had really high intelligence and magic power, he didn't have many spells. Only a Tidal Wave which was a good crowd control skill. After speaking, she signaled Zhang ZhengXiong to intercept the king. She also charged over. The two teams split up to their assigned targets.
 
Ye Cang lifted his heavy bow with his left hand, and drew it to its limit with his right. He began aiming a Precise Shot. Constantly analyzing the situation, Little Ye Tian calculated the direction of GreenDew's spell, while simultaneously giving Ye Cang a rough prediction of the enemies movements over the next two seconds. Then she began chanting the spell for holy shield.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong recalled his Holy Text. The only spell he had was Minor Healing Light, so he had two of them stored. They would require no cast-time and no cost, it was just like bringing along two instant healing pots, making him feel more at ease, not to mention it even had an active healing ability. Seeing the lizard king opening its jaw, FrozenCloud quickly warned: "Don't crash into it!" Although his bravery was extraordinary, if he directly crashed into it with a barbaric tackle, it would be himself suffering.
 
Zhang ZhengXiong didn't reply to her. With his back to a stalagmite, he pretended to attack. The lizard king charged at him with its mouth open wide, but he quickly dived to the side. The lizard king smashed apart the stalagmite, slowly coming to a stop. Zhang ZhengXiong got up, and madly charged over. With a roar, he performed a barbaric tackle! Holding his shield up, he crashed into the lizard king's side, knocking it a few meters away and stunning it.
 
ThornyRose who had begun contending against the queen couldn't help but sigh at Zhang ZhengXiong's bravery. Such a gifted duelist, especially when it comes to those barbaric moves that made it seem as if he's was in a wrestling arena. The main point was, although he seemed coarse and reckless, he actually wasn't. A better description would be, that he had the physique and imposing manner of a top tank, yet the reactions and technique of a top assassin. He was a gifted newbie who had the potential to become a superstar, but in the end, he was still a priest. He even treated his priest class like some sort of barbarian, yet currently he was better than her.  He was undoubtedly the party's main tank. She sighed and suddenly leaned over to dodge a tail sweep. Following that, she heard the sound of an arrow whistling by, accurately piercing into the queen's eye. Blood splashed out. That guy was such a powerful bowman, with higher magic attack than a mage. They were all freaks. If they were all singlemindedly devoted to one role, how good would that be.
 
A hiss of pain echoed throughout the room. The lizard queen snarled incessantly.
 
NalanMoon also couldn't help being impressed by Zhang ZhengXiong. Such an outstanding tank. Everyone knew how important a good tank was to a party. They were crucial when fighting bosses. Taking advantage of the opportunity Ye Cang had created, her feather blade executed a Lacerate, cutting its belly. Then followed up with a double strike, before retreating to avoid the queen's stomp. FrozenBlood also appeared, performing her own combo. However even its belly's defence was exceptionally high, the damage she could do was limited. Unexpectedly, it was Ye Cang's arrow stabbing into its eye that did the most astonishing damage. 
 
NalanMoon who had retreated and was wandering, watched SpyingBlade calmly attacking, dodging, then attacking some more. If the Falling Star Pavilion was also in Really New Village, there would be a good show to watch. That guy has always been a mystery. Even his origin was rather remarkable. According to her secret sources, he should be the Falling Star Pavilion's Leader, CompassionateStar's, ex lover. It was also him that helped her get the position of leader in the previous game. It could be said that he was CompassionateStar's biggest supporter. No one knows why, but one day their relationship completely broke apart, and he was expelled from the guild. CompassionateStar also seems to hate him. The strange thing was, every time she caused him trouble, she would never kill him. At most, she would put up a bounty for show. And that guy, he never took an assassination request against her. Soon after, he withdrew from the top 10 assassin's list and became treasure hunter - SpyingBlade. The reason for this was also a mystery. He used to be the only person who could challenge china's number 1 assassin - HeavenBlessed and had ended their duel in mutual destruction. He was really famous for a time, the super rookie - The Frenzied Shadow - DarkBlade. The people who knew this didn't number more than 5. Most people thought DarkBlade had retired after his moment in the spotlight. Even she only accidently found out through PureSoul. Just what happened between him and CompassionateStar?
 
While the lizard king was stunned, Lin Le directly chopped at it with Execute. Although it couldn't compare to a full rage Execute, but he couldn't miss this opportunity. His blade blade drew a half-moon, and cyan blood sprayed out like a fountain. A horrible howl echoed throughout the room.
 
*Execute was successful* ThornyRose thought. The lizard queen heard the king's scream, and snarled furiously. The ground began to shake, and everyone retreated. *It was casting a spell! It was too fast, there wasn't time to interrupt!!* At this time, from the trembling ground, rock spikes suddenly shot up. She quickly stepped away and avoided being pierced by the spike. She saw that in front of her, were countless rock spikes that were meters tall. Then she saw some of the spikes separate as the queen ran to provide assistance to the king. She quickly chased after it, but was slowed by the spikes.
