---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 97"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 97: Rapid Combo and Barbaric Charge**
 
By the time everyone began their pursuit, ThornyRose had already squeezed past the spikes. Her field of view increased, and she quickly activated her Charge to rush over. Just at this time, a shadow flashed past her, bringing with it a red light that stabbed into the queen's waist, causing a burst of blood. Then four red sword-lights shot out, stabbing towards its four legs. Soon after, the shadow performed a tackle with it's shoulder, causing the queen's body to stop. It was followed closely by a dark red flash, that stabbed through the queen's neck.
 
Curse's thorn's ability (Increase the damage of next attack) + Dashing Straight Thrust, Multiple Straight Thrusts, his shoulder guard's ability (Shoulder Strike - knockback), and finally a Precise Strike (Increase the damage of next attack) + Straight Thrust. This combo was finished so quickly, others only saw a blur. By the time the queen's howl was heard, Ye Cang had already sheathed his sword and retreated.
 
Little Ye Tian instantly calculated the speed of his thrusts, and her mouth hung wide open. "It was almost at the speed of sound. As expected of father."
 
ThornyRose also froze. That combo was fast. That's all that was needed to describe it... fast. He had gained 2 more melee skills. Those 4 thrusts and that high speed charging thrust, they should be skills he got when she was away. This guy, now he was even freakishly strong in melee. Was he really trying to be an omnipotent knight? He really makes one anticipate his growth. But just how strong would he be if he specialized.
 
NalanMoon looked at Ye Cang with a complicated expression. Just imagining having to take on that knight's moves made the blood drain from her face. The game had just started yet he already had a good movement / attack skill. Looks like in this game this party will make quite the name for themselves, though becoming rich was still not guaranteed. Being professional gamers was not so easy. It required stumbling your way through numerous dark times... numerous. Her sight returned to SpyingBlade again. That guy never braved through the dark times, instead he chose to go into seclusion, and hid away. Compared to his time as the Frenzied Shadow where he was a peerless assassin, he had really changed. He used to be like his title, a peerless and crazy spectre, with an attacking style more berserk than a berserker. Nothing like now, acting so leisurely and carefree as if he was taking a walk. Did something happen to change his heart? Or is this some sort of natural transformation. Although she didn't know what his strength was now, or whether he could still fight like he use to, with that style that took the audience's breath away and made their blood boil, but he was definitely not any worse than herself or FrozenBlood.
 
ThornyRose charged and arrived son after Ye Cang retreated. She stomped and bashed her shield into it's bleeding head. Stun! She looked towards the nearby lizard king. "Shaking Bear, pull it over here! Lele! Prepare to take action!!"
 
Zhang ZhengXiong easily dodge past a heavy attack, raised his hammer, activated its ability, and smashed onto the lizard king's head. The sound of a heavy strike echoed through the room, causing it to howl painfully. It was also stunned! He began to circle around to it's side. FrozenCloud watched him thinking *what's he doing?*
 
"Watch out! It's coming!!" Zhang ZhengXiong smiled brightly and shouted. Barbaric Tackle! He raised his shield and roared violently, then smashed into it. "Aaahhhh!!!"
 
The lizard king was rammed by Zhang ZhengXiong's well built body. Then, as if they were two cars, with one of them pushing the other from behind, they steadily moved!! 
 
The lizard king that just recovered was startled. It used its claws to attack Zhang ZhengXiong who was rapidly pushing it over, but it's body lost to the inertia, and couldn't turn to exert strength. Zhang ZhengXiong sensed the claws, but didn't dodge and instead became more blood-thirsty, like a furious rhinoceros. "Get the hell over there!!"
 
He took the lizard king's attack, and fearlessly continued pushing. At the same time, he used both the spells stored in his holy text on himself. He saw that it was curling up it's body to bite him, and his ring's ability activated. A blinding light flashed, and he immediately activated the damage reduction. Ye Cang quickly used a healing stream; Little Ye Tian's Holy Shield and Rejuvenating Light also arrived. NalanMoon and the others heard Zhang ZhengXiong's violent roar, saw that force that even oppressed the boss, that wild and fearless tanking, and they felt their blood boil. This guy will definitely become remarkable! What he has is definitely more than just potential!
 
"Good guy..." SpyingBlade murmured feeling rather emotional, his grip on his longsword tightened.
 
The lizard queen took notice of Ye Cang who appeared rather sluggish. ThornyRose was also puzzled. *What was going on? What was he blanking out there for? The queen was closing in and he's still not dodging!?* "Dodge!!"
 
Boom~! ThornyRose saw Ye Cang explode, becoming a burst of water. The queen received the attack and screamed out in pain again. And this time, Ye Cang suddenly appeared. He was nearby, with his longbow ready with two arrows. Double shot pierced through both its eyes.
 
*What kind of skill was that!?* ThornyRose looked looked at Ye Cang puzzled, not knowing what had happened. *This guy had such a mysterious skill, how did he get it? It was water type so it should be from the Blue Scaled Fishmen. The skill should be more or less to leave behind a water clone. He had appeared over there, so if it wasn't stealth, then it was a teleport. But teleport wasn't too likely, so it was probably stealth.* Her heart felt a burst of envy. This was a godly skill for any mage or archer. Creating a trap by pretending to make a mistake, drawing them in and then killing them. The most important point was that the damage was not small. It even has a knockback and stunning effect. 
 
NalanMoon also stared at it distracted. *When did he appear there? Some sort of water magic trap?* She thought back to when they first met. If the one he fought wasn't FrozenCloud, but him, she probably wouldn't even get an opportunity to retaliate. This guy's attacks are too concise, not giving others a chance. His styles and moves were straight out of the textbook, but were executed without a single mistake.
 
The figure of Zhang ZhengXiong pushing the lizard king was about to arrive. Ye Cang was like he had eyes on the back of his head, just as the lizard king's traffic accident was approaching,  he drew his bow, and turned while taking a step. Looking at Zhang ZhengXiong's back, he prepared a precise shot, raised his brows, and shot the arrow. It shot past Zhang ZhengXiong's shoulder and stabbed through the lizard's jaw, dealing a great amount of damage.
 
ThornyRose and the others firmly controlled the lizard queen. SpyingBlade, who was counting the time, slid through the dangers, and his longsword executed a stunning attack. The heavy attack landed on it's skull, stunning it, and knocking it back. Zhang ZhengXiong had just arrived after pushing his lizard king tens of meters. He only had a third of his health remaining. He borrowed the opposing force to leap back, and waited for the healing spells to restore his health.
 
"Lele!" ThornyRose roared. Before the bosses even met, Lin Le had already activated berserk and entered angry little bull mode. His two hands held his large anti-cavalry saber tightly, he stomped off the ground and leapt over. 
