---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 100"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "Tab"
thanks1: "James Walsh"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 100: Ordering the Guards**
 
Ye Cang conveniently chopped up the boss couple's body and tossed it into the cart. NalanMoon felt numb, this guy was really inhuman. Especially when she learned that the meat stuffing in the fish was werewolf meat, she almost threw up a second time.
 
Ye Cang looked at the surrounding eggs and identified them.
 
Rock Lizard Eggs: The eggs of a rock lizard. Their growth is accelerated by the light from the crystals. It contains a lot of egg white and is very nutritious. The texture is deliciously tender. Edible.
 
Purple Energy Crystal (Low Quality): A glowing crystal, not worth much. Poisonous. Not edible.
 
"What to do with these eggs?" The party wasn't able to identify them. Zhang ZhengXiong could only identify the crystals, but didn't dig them out. He looked at Ye Cang waiting for his decision.
 
"Ignore them, let's go back and ask around in town." Ye Cang said after thinking it over. It was better to gather some information first. For food products, he already had enough. And if they took the crystals, it would be hard to hatch these eggs. They should go ask the old Mar couple.
 
ThornyRose nodded, she also thought to go back and see if they had any other uses. It's not as if they could grow legs and run away. Everyone made their way out of the mine, and saw the guards at the entrance. Ye Cang had an idea. They didn't need to go back to the village. He told one of the guards about what happened inside, and had him report back to town.
 
The director was indeed the director. He could have these ignorant NPCs run his errands. ThornyRose and the others sighed with sorrow. Their prestige hadn't yet reached the level where they could order the guards around.
 
"We can just wait here for the news, and conveniently eat dinner. Everyone who needs to eat should go eat, we'll meet up and to continue waiting after." Ye Cang said, and then brought Zhang ZhengXiong, Ye Tian and Lin Le offline. It was already 8 o'clock at night.
 
"Those who want to go eat can go, I'll stay and guard here." ThornyRose looked at where they had disappeared from. *Damn, would it kill you to wait a little longer. What if something unexpected happened? We at least need someone who can stay and speak, best if it was the director.*
 
NalanMoon was also astonished. Those guys really didn't miss any of their three meals. Most importantly they didn't even consider the time. But thinking it over, it made sense. Really New Village was at least a few hours away. Nodding, she logged off to eat.
 
Seeing most people had dispersed, ThornyRose smiled and grabbed the whistleblower FrozenCloud. "Lil'Dino, your skills and equipment are rapidly catching up to me, you're just lacking a good offhand weapon."
 
"Eh, can you not call me Lil'Dino, Sister Rose." FrozenCloud rolled her eyes.
 
"Just how much gold do they have?" FrozenBlood asked doubtfully.
 
"I don't know exactly, but it should be above 150." FrozenCloud's words stunned the three of them. *So much!?*
 
"Lele inadvertently fished a chest. Inside was at least 100 gold worth of goods." FrozenCloud's words left the three of them speechless. Thinking back, that Lele was really too lucky, yet from head to toe, he emitted the aura of a foolish person.
 
Fishing? ThornyRose nodded. She thought of Ye Cang and the other three's secondary professions: cooking, gathering, smelting, fishing, forging, mining... all the good things had been given to the pigs. Hah~
 
Meanwhile, Ye Cang's group of four who had logged out, slowly got up. They were planning to get takeout, but realised that Wu Na was gone.
 
"She's rehearsing with her band." Little Ye Tian said. The three slowly nodded.
 
"What was Nana's band called?" Lin Le rubbed his head, thinking really hard.
 
"Sinking Sand. You can't even remember that. When she hears about it, she'll flip out again..." Ye Cang knocked on Lin Le's head and then smiled.
 
"Bro, I don't think that's what it's called. But it's definitely something sand." Zhang ZhengXiong awkwardly reminded.
 
Little Ye Tian sighed deeply. "Falling Sand." She felt a bit bad for Nana.
 
The three of them froze, then nodded looking enlightened. Ye Cang shrugged. "Well let's get takeout."
 
At this time, they heard the sound of the front door unlocking. A gothic styled Wu Na came in through the front door. She had deep red lipstick, short black hair that reached her chin, smokey eye makeup, simple skull earrings, sexy long boots, ripped up stockings, as well as wild leather clothes. Little Ye Tian looked at her stunned, then her eyes became little stars as she murmured. "So cool..."
 
"I guessed that you guys haven't eaten. I happened to pass by the night market, so I got some stir-fry and barbecue from old Wang's." Wu Na carried her guitar and entered. She lifted the takeout boxes and smiled.
 
"Nana, you're the best." Lin Le smelled the fragrance and quickly helped her bring it in.
 
"Sorry for the trouble, east district's little rock and roll queen." Ye Cang crossed his arms and nodded gratefully. Wu Na glared at him unhappily. *Are you making fun of me?*
 
"Nana, it's great having you around..." Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the delicious food, and felt moved. Lin Le continuously nodded. After eating that rat meat, the food in front of them seemed like something made in heaven. They felt so moved that they wanted to cry. Being professional gamers was so difficult.
 
Little Ye Tian thought of the scene just a moment ago. *You guys don't even remember her band's name.* Then she continued to stare at Nana's stage costume. It was too cool. It made her want to try dressing up.
 
Ye Cang saw Little Ye Tian's look of worship, and couldn't help smiling. He pet her head and said: "Little Tian, she's just in some unknown, non-mainstream band. By all means, don't learn from her~"
 
"F\*\*k! I'm right here!" Wu Na roared. Blue veins throbbed on her forehead. She then sighed deeply telling herself to not fall to his level. "During summer vacation, the college will be investing in us and asked us to perform a small concert. There will be about 500 people. I've already invited flasher uncle to participate. You guys have to remember to come!"
 
"Mm! Nana, I'll definitely come cheer for you!!" Lin Le said while stuffing food into his mouth. It was as if he was afraid of starving. Zhang ZhengXiong was the same. He made an ILY<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> hand sign and said: "I'll definitely support you!"
 
Ye Cang sighed deeply and said with a bit of a sob: "The day has finally come."
 
Slap~!
 
Wu Na reached out and slapped the back of his head. "You too!!"
 
"I know." Ye Cang sighed. He had been slapped on the head while he was eating. He thought of her songs. 9 out of 10 verses, if they weren't cursing people, they were defaming the federal government by calling them weak and untrustworthy, or they were singing about some lowlife guys and s\*\*tty girls. Basically it was dark and cynical.
 
Ye Cang looked towards his share of food, then gulped his saliva. Little Ye Tian also pulled apart her chopsticks with shaking hands. The two ate, appearing to be eating lightly, but food was vanishing from their plate.
 
Wu Na saw that Little Ye Tian had also become a starving ghost, and she became thoroughly confused. What exactly is happening to them in Really New Village? Was there some sort of food shortage!? But what did a food shortage in a game have to do with reality? She shook her head and looked at Little Ye Tian's acting like a little refugee. She smiled bitterly. *If others didn't know, they'd think we were mistreating her, not giving her any food.*
 
---

TN: There's chapter 100! I've changed things up a little bit by not translating all the random 1st person parts into 3rd person, instead, leaving them as is and putting them in italics. How was it? (Got the idea from reading rebirth of the thief, though I feel like I'm not doing it as well as he did)

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ILY_sign">ILY</a>
