---
layout: posts
title:  "Virtual World: Peerless White Emperor Chapters 127 - 132"
date:   2017-07-14 21:10:00
comments: true
---

Hey Everyone,

Lot's to talk about this time.

First of all, editor - Tab, has caught up and now will be working on new releases with me! You can all expect less mistakes and hopefully a better experience! As always, please either leave a comment or email me if you find anything that needs to be corrected or improved, or if you'd like to help out with the project :)

As for my break, I'm feeling a little better, but releases will still probably be a little slow. This time I was lucky to have saved up 5 chapters from before, and managed to translate one more over the last 5 days. Now I have nothing else saved up, so it will depend on my mood.

Thanks everyone for not bugging me for chapters. To those who left those kind comments, you guys/girls are the best :) I hope everyone enjoys the chapters.

[Chapter 127][vwpwe0127]

---

I just want to vent a bit below. You don't have to read it... in fact, it's probably better that you don't cause I'll be embarrassed x.x Don't even know why I'm putting it here...

<details>
	<summary>Click to show hidden text</summary>
	I went through my first breakup. Because of that, I've been having constant anxiety attacks which are finally getting a little better.
	<br /><br />
	Now that I've calmed down a bit, I'd like to thank my now ex who has always been very supportive of me. Her encouragement was one of the main reasons I actually got off my ass to start this site. She doesn't read this novel so she'll probably never see this, and it's probably better that she doesn't as I don't want to make breaking up harder for her. Anyways: "I regret that my stubborness has hurt you. I only realised how important you were to me after you're gone. Thank you for everything you've done for me these last 4 years. I hope you find someone who can make you as happy as can be."
</details>

[vwpwe0127]: {{site.url}}/translations/vwpwe/0127
