---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
category: "SLIME"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 2: Finally On the Right Track**

"Extra extra! It's frozen! Dragon Corporation's super-server is frozen!"

"Shitty Dragon Corp. I was just killing a dragon. Give me back my divine artifact! Give me back my dragon mount!"

"The one above is showing off. My server's top expert is only just killing a mountain giant yet you want to slay a dragon!"

"Looking for group to kill dragons. LFG. LFG. Powerful MT warrior!"

...

After the pause in service, Archie would finally get to leave the single celled organism society and entered the civilized world. He could finally reconnect! Yaaay!

"Beep! Player equipment system has been replaced, it can now be used normally!"

"Beep! Player trade system has been replaced, it can now be used normally!"

"Beep! Player experience system has been replaced, can now level normally!"

"Beep! Player's system is now the newest version, can now continue playing. Happy gaming. There are many new features, please enjoy discovering them."

Ah, good news one after the other. He could finally play the game like a proper addict. Half the day had already been spent dealing with the bug. Archie's addiction could no longer be held back.

"Humph, ignorant noobs. Let this King Slime shock the entire beginner village. Hahaha!" Just thinking of the new players suddenly finding a slime training and leveling with them. How interesting would it be. How mysterious! He would become the hottest news in the region chat, then become famous on the forums! Archie felt like this was pretty sensational.

"Shouldn't I prepare for my interview." Archie felt like it was a must.

The scene changed once again. White clouds drifted, wind blew through leaves, and slimes covered the earth...

"Why am I still at the slime gathering spot!? Shouldn't I be in the beginner village!?"

"Alright, let's use my brain to fix this little problem." Archie summoned up his many years of gaming experience, then came up with a plan.

1. He had started up the game wrong. Log out and log back in. 

"Completely useless! Aah~~ The slimes are becoming cuter the longer I look at them."

2. Call the customer service GM and beg for help.

"Hello, according to the system AI, you're game has already been restored to normal. Please enjoy exploring the game world. Happy gaming." It seemed like after fixing the bug, Archie was already given up on.

3. Commit suicide and return to town. It might work! However, all there was around here were slimes, how was he support to kill himself?

As long as one strived hard enough, anything was possible. A profession gamer's heart would remain resolute! Archie controlled his slime, and sloshed his way over in a random direction. Since his map was currently just a black screen, he could only explore.

"Hopefully I can find the player's beginner village."

Archie hastened his pace as he yearned for the human world.

Speaking of which, his 11 points of speed was really amazing. With every 'slosh', the slime would move a very long distance. It was completely incomparable to those short-legged slimes in the field! As the number of slimes decreased, the trees became more numerous. Archie knew he was about to escape that little map.

"Awooooo~~~" There was a wolf call ahead! Moving around a bush, Archie's 30cm tall slime body moved towards the gray wolf in front of him. 

It was to die and revive, no need for any rubbish.

Archie died very fast.

"You dealt 1 physical damage to gray wolf."

"Gray wolf's bite deals 5 physical damage to you."

"Gray wolf's bite deals 5 physical damage to you."

...10 seconds later.

"You have died."

"So this is what a death in a virtual reality game is like."

After dying, the black and white world brought about a burst of nostalgia. It was just like those black and white TVs he use to watch with his father.

Rather than looking at the scenery though, he had important business.

The system prompt didn't bring him any surprises. 1, resurrect in the city (lose 1% experience and 1 stamina). 2, run to your body (lose 1% experience).

Very simple to understand. 1 was directly returning to the city, and 2 required you to run back to your corpse to revive.

Dragonica World's death penalty wasn't serious. If it was really like the light novels where you would lose a level every time you died, and it took 3 days to train a level, then everyone would be stuck in the beginning village PKing each other to the end of time.

"So it turns out stamina is used as a fee for reviving."

Archie's weak and sickly slime only had 1 stamina available. Used up stamina would be temporarily deducted for 24 hours.

Archie chose 1, then...

There was no then... He returned to that familiar slime gathering spot...

"Alright, it seems like it won't be as easy as I thought. Then I can only bring out the big guns."

4. Ask for outside help!

"Are there any brave heroes who can tell this little one the location of the beginner village? I got lost running to my body." Archie proficiently asked for help in the region chat.

However, the system god struck him with another fatal blow. "Apologies, the region chat only accepts human language, elven language, dwarven language, and common. Please learn the the relevant language in the game."

"Aaaaaahhhhhh..."

"God, how does the system expect me to play normally? The bug is clearly back. What happy gaming!?"

Archie lifelessly opened his character screen and finally found languages: Slime Common. Alright, Archie was basically just a crippled slime.

He conveniently checked his equipment screen. "Oh, there's a wooden sword, sackcloth pants, sackcloth shirt, and a reward box. Hah, completely useless... wait, reward box?"

3 minutes later, Archie finally confirmed that this wasn't another bug. After going through 2000 old messages, he finally found information.

Official Announcement: "In order to maintain a balanced and fair gaming environment, the system AI will officially award the first person to find a major bug in the game, player Slime, with a reward box. It will contain a random racial skill or equipment. Please feel free to use."

"Since it's a system reward, then I'll reluctantly open it. Hahaha!"

"You've received low level slime skill: Strengthened Digestion"

"You've received a portable mailbox."

"Low level skill... well it's best to stay open-minded."

Archie took out the skillbook and opened it.

"Strengthened Digestion: Passive, use to improve the slime's ability to digest food."

"Screw your digestion! Who wants to eat those shitty leaves, grass, and mice like those wild slimes!" Archie angrily threw the skillbook onto the ground.

"Bam!"

"You've learned Strengthened Digestion." 

"It seems like you can learn skillbooks by hitting them, so magical. But who wants to learn this damn skill! Isn't the system reward too lacking."

"Now isn't the time for this. I should be thinking about how to survive! Both ingame and out-of-game survival will be put to the test! Food, rent, internet bill... Since I can't go back to the player area, how am I supposed to make money in the game? How do I sell equipment? How do I sell gold!?"

"Wait a minute, wasn't there something else."

Portable Mailbox: A magical little mailbox that can perform regular mailing function in a safe area. Can be used repeatedly.

"Heaven never bars one's way! I can sell equipment! I can sell gold! There's still hope! Now all I'm missing are gold and equipment!"

"Hah, so many twists and turns! This game is finally on the right track. Since I'm a slime, there probably aren't any quests to do. I can only kill monsters and level up. Then first, I should scout out the surrounding monsters, then come up with a plan..."

'Slosh slosh slosh' went the sounds of his gloomy movements.

"Slime, the great slime chief has a task for you to help with."

"Eh," unbeknownst to when, an enormous slime had come up to Archie, then a large exclamation mark appeared above its head.

"Slime chief!" Archie cried tears of joy.

"The system god hasn't given up on me!"
