---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
category: "SLIME"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 4: Hard to Complete Quest

For once, everything went smoothly.

After Archie sat down and healed for about 5 seconds, a second crow appeared.

"Good timing!" Although he wasn't fully healed, he was full of fighting spirit!

Using the old routine, he spat a spit arrow on its face, humped it with his sword, and then looted the corpse. Besides the quest item, he even got two rotten drumsticks. Eating it would recover health, it was pretty good.

Just in time, since after the battle, he was left with only two health. Eating the drumstick, he slowly recovered...

"You've used Rotten Drumstick, recover 1 health every second."

The way a slime eats was brutal. He completely lacked the ability to chew, so he directly stuffed it into his stomach and began digesting.

"Caw~~~ Caw~~~"

The third crow respawned. Seeing Archie's slime eating one of its fellow compatriots sent it into a seething rage, and it directly dived down, performing a godly peck! 2 damage.

"You don't have to be so angry!"

Archie didn't even have time to breath. He could only struggle on death's door. He turned and ran for his life. Luckily, he had recovered 1 health from eating that drumstick, otherwise, he would have been insta-killed.

He never thought that 11 speed would have such a godly affect. A flying crow actually had no chance of catching this slithering slime.

As a professional gamer, Archie obviously wouldn't stay passive after ensuring his safety. Aftering running and creating some distance, he turned and shot a spit arrow, then continued to run. He used the common gaming tactic, kiting! Every 5 seconds, he would spit once because of the 5 second cooldown and debuff duration. Every second, the crow would lose 1 health. After running in circles for 20 seconds, crow #3 was helplessly sent back to the system's embrace.

Crow #4 enters the stage!

"No no no! They're respawning too fast! I can't keep up. Non non! Yameda!!"

Archie, who was proud of his kiting tactics, wasn't able to react in time and was sent packing.

"One can't be too overconfident as a slime. Good thing no equipment dropped."

Although he had died again, the strategy was proven successful. His skill testing was also a success. He even discovered a kiting tactic using his movement speed. After this was just brainless labour. Especially since he was only lacking a single feather. Once he hands in the quest, he would level up. He felt like the entire slime area was under his control. 

After reviving at his corpse, he began to shoot spit arrows.

"Piuuu~~" The spit short out in a beautiful arc.

If he could turn back time, then Archie would definitely choose to go back to a moment ago and aim properly. 

Even though the system assisted in the aiming of spells, but it's not 100% accurate. Aside from giving players a certain degree of freedom, it also increased the game's difficulty and enjoyment.

Archie's random spit shot past the crow, above the shrubbery, and splat... right onto some player's face.

"Which bastard spat that!"

Player BastardSword saw a system message displaying the spit's damage. He thought someone was ridiculing him. Who dared to spit on him?

BastardSword, real name Wang Ba meaning tyrant. His name was a bit lame, but it was the name his father gave him. It was also what gave him his beautiful outlook on life and his aspiration, so he could only silently accept it. Originally, he was going to name his game character TyrantSword, but because he was in a rush to enter the game, he typed in the pinyin and quickly chose the character. By the time he discovered the mistake, he had already entered the game.

However, it was just an in-game name. If he didn't let it get to him, then it wasn't a big deal.

Today, he was killing these mobs with his teammates. This was in preparation for a major undertaking, but he was actually spat on. How could he bear it? No matter who it was, they had to be smashed into pieces.

BastardSword brought his two teammates, and passed over the bush just in time to see an epic showdown.

Through the system, Archie knew that he had caused and accident, but he was only short a single tail feather. He would no longer be able to conceal this hidden monster spawn, so who knows how long it would take him to finish this quest; after all, his character was just another mob to the players, so the moment he enters the field would mean death.

For riches and honor, Archie decided to fight.

He immediately raised his sword and advanced, beginning to take on the raven. He spat every time it was off cooldown.

A pity it was still too slow. A crowd of guys wearing the default system clothing and holding large wooden sticks appeared.

"Slime boss! So the rumors were true! There is a slime spawn around here! The last one even dropped a pair of sackcloth pants!"

Archie was pleasantly surprised to learn that he could still understand what they were saying. "Well no shit, the game still uses spoken language so they are speaking in chinese. It would be more surprising if this little emperor of a netizen couldn't understand."

Archie struck unceasingly with his wooden sword as he attempted to initiate communication.

"Dear bosses, please let this little one go. At least, let me kill this monster before you ravage me!"

Of course, they wouldn't let him off. BastardSword's group of 3 charged.

Back to BastardSword's point of view:

It was a strange slime which held a sword and wore a shirt. It's spit killed off the crow, and then it pointed its sword over and, "Thpptphtphphhph, pfft, pfft," it started making farting sounds to taunt him! 

How could he endure this!? It spat on him and was now farting at him!

Even if he could endure it, to meet a boss and not fight it would just be cruel to himself!

"Brothers, kill the boss and make it drop equipment!"

"It's holding a wooden sword! It'll definitely add 1 attack! I've seen it in the store!"

The sticks in their hands dealt 0-1 damage. The constant 1 damage would be a big boon to their leveling.

"It's wearing a sackcloth shirt! It adds 1 defense! Finally, we won't have to streek around naked!"

BastardSword took the initiative to charge (not a skill). His two companions followed him.

……

He finally met other humans just to have his eyes fill with tears. He could only hate the language for causing such a big misunderstanding, making them turn their swords on one another.

Archie's slime could only understand human language, but without the relevant language skill, he couldn't speak it, nor type them out. He didn't even know if there would be a school somewhere that taught words.

He definitely couldn't win this fight. His great revive in town strategy wasn't viable because his stamina had yet to recover. So he could only run.

Archie controlled his slime to run towards the slime gathering grounds, while conveniently going to turn in the quest. The crow he just killed perfectly filled up his 10 crow tail feather quota. 

Archie's 11 points of speed were an obvious advantage, but the speed of BastardSword's group of 3 were not much slower since they could pass through the bushes while Archie couldn't run straight. They followed closely behind him.

The chase went all the way to the slime's gathering place.

Slimes were very weak and placid creatures who wouldn't take the initiative to attack players.

BastardSword's group was ecstatic. They had discovered a sacred training grounds. A place with no other players was what a true good training ground should be.

However, fighting the boss was more important. Equipment was the most enticing thing in any game.

Archie swerved around the slime gathering spot, trying to find the slime chief.

The most important thing was to turn in the quest. Of course, it's not like he never thought to counter attack. He had tried to use his spit kiting tactic but during the 0.5 spit arrow casting time, he almost allowed them to surround him. Archie was scared to the point of not daring to look back.

The slime chief's body made him easily recognizable. Archie found the chief playing around with the little slimes. 

"Chief! I've completed the quest, hurry and reward me!"

As long as he could turn in the quest, then it would be fine to die.

"Ah, hero, thank you so much. Please hand me the tail feathers."

In a virtual reality game, quests require one to personally hand the items over to complete them.

"Quests should automatically retrieve items from your inventory! Isn't this how games are?!"

"To die to empiricism!"

Archie immediately took the feathers out of his inventory upon hearing the chief, but he was still too slow. Before he could even reach into his bag, BastardSword's group had already surrounded him. Everyone one of them struck with a single attack to completely finish him off.

"God! Mother Earth! What is this abuse! My weapon!"

A death was a death. The 1% experience loss only resulted in 1 point, which didn't even tickle. However, the dropped sword left Archie distressed.

Having seen the field full of fighters beating crows with sticks, he knew that the sword must be system god's favor. Knowing that it was valuable made the loss even more painful.

"Whatever, whatever. How can a great slime not get anymore equipment!"

Archie's professional player attitude was not bad.

Afterall, turning in the quest and leveling up was most important. This sort of equipment was not essential, let alone now that he had the powerful spit arrow. Archie could kite monsters to level.

After running to his corpse and reviving...

As a spirit, he couldn't see living creatures. Archie didn't know if BastardSword had left, but he could only choose to revive.

"Shimatta!"

When Archie saw the village chief's ravaged body, he felt like a knife had stabbed into his heart.

"Can I still hand the quest in? Will the chief revive? How long will it take? Do you know how precious time is!?"

"BastardSword, the two of us can never co-exist! Aaaaaahhh~~~" Archie issued an angry roar.

However...

Archie's screen once again turned dark.

"BastardSword, this boss revived pretty quickly!" A teammate shouted happily.

"Call me Brother Tyrant! I'm not a bastard! Call me BastardSword again and I'll fight you! However, this boss is pretty good. It dropped a sackcloth shirt. It's just the experience is a bit small, only 5 points."

"Brother Bastard is right, but that slime chief gave a lot. One was 100 exp. We've struck gold! Let's just camp this spot." Teammate #2 gave his valuable opinion.

"...Call me Brother Tyrant! TYRANT! T Y R A N T! I don't want a dumb nickname!"

---

TN: Japanese will represent when Archie is speaking another language... sometimes simple french too.

---