---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
category: "SLIME"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 5: Archie's Counter-Attack

Death always accompanied gaming.

Objectively speaking, Archie's gaming passion and talent were the real deal. Although his situation has been getting worse and worse after entering Dragonica World, but Archie still hadn't given up.

According to his previous gaming experience, NPCs like the slime chief would respawn relatively quickly and would be at a predefined location. As long as he could reach it before BastardSword's group kills it, and turn in the quest, it would be his victory!

The problem was, just where was the slime chief's respawn point? It had yet to stop moving since the time Archie first saw it. It's position was never fixed.

"Then I can only roam and depend on luck."

"It's should be safe right?"

The continuous deaths had made Archie cautious.

Archie probably currently had the most experience as a spiti in the entire game. After waiting 3 minutes, he guessed that BastardSword's group should have already slain the slimes in this area and left. He chose to revive behind a large tree near his corpse.

Losing all his equipment had its advantaged. Right now, there was no difference between Archie and his slime compatriots. He no longer looked like a rich boss.

"Alright. BastardSword's group is at 3 o'clock, 80 yards away, farming monsters. It'll be fine as long as I maintain my distance. According to the places the chief has been seen, he should respawn near the center of the slime area."

"It's time to reveal my acting skills!"

Archie controlled his slime's speed and took a posture similar to the other slimes. He began to move towards the center of the slime area.

"I need to keep my distance from BastardSword's group, since my name is in white, if I'm too close, they might discover me. Hehe, you better not let me catch you low on health, otherwise, this little grandfather will make you die from spit."

Archie controlled his distance while feeling indignant.

"Eh, BastardSword and them seem to be coming this way." Archie continued his acting, planning to slowly back away.

However, something seemed wrong. Why were BastardSword and them excited like they were in the red light district after not having a 'massage' for a long time. Even their smiles were lewd. And they were coming straight over.

"Was I discovered? What exposed me? Can they see the difference in my name from 80 yards? Could it be they are super-gamers who can play 12 hours a day and still have 20:20 vision?" What he hated most were fellow gamers who had good vision.

Archie was stupefied.

"Sword Bro, Sword Bro! It's that boss named Slime!" Teammate #1, the fastest among them, ran over excitedly.

"Call me Tyrant! TYRANT! Speaking of which, good eyes. You can actually see it from so far away."

"A red named monster among a bunch of yellow names, anyone can spot it in an instant." Teammate #2 prepared for battle.

Tears once again streamed down Archie's cheeks.

"It turns out my name is a bright red."

Well, everything was the system's fault. Archie decided to resist. Although he had been dazed for a long while, but the two sides were still about 30 yards apart. It was enough for a strategic fight. The enemy chose to form a line formation while coming at him. As they were unable to surround him, he could retaliate with his super-fast movement speed and professional gamer abilities. It wasn't that he couldn't escape, just that he had a chance to counter attack!

"I'll take the lead." Teammate #1 shouted then activated 'Charge'. An unscientific speed. With a woosh, he instantly appeared in front of Archie and caused a 0.5 second stun.

Woosh, woosh. BastardSword and Teammate #2 also charged over, happily sending Archie back to the graveyard.

"Did I loot the boss wrong?" BastardSword asked puzzled. His two teammates had already looted equipment. Now that it was his turn, there was nothing at all.

...5 points of experience, not a single item, how was this a boss? However, it seems like all the equipment on the boss were gone? Could it be that Dragonica World's bosses only dropped equipment they were actually wearing? Then what was the point of a naked boss!? The entire slime village was filled with level 2-3s that gave 10+ experience. The chief was even level 4 and gave 100+. What was the point of this boss if it didn't drop equipment!?

In the graveyard, Archie was still stupefied.

"When did they reach level 2? When did they learn charge?"

Of course, it was all thanks to the slime chief, who generously contributed 100 experience points.

A normal player was like Archie, needing 200 experience to level from 1 to 2. It didn't seem like much, but it was very arduous to obtain. Players had to wait for monsters to respawn, and had to stay alert to fight over it with others. If one was even a fraction of a second too slow, one might not even get a single monster after 10 minutes. In the human village, the 'Crow Tail Feathers' quest only gave 50 experience. Forget the travel time, the most fatal part was the crowded spawn points. In a virtual reality game, players couldn't even walk through each other, so if a spot was taken, then it was taken.

Doing quests wasn't as fast as killing monsters. This was a universal truth amongst players.

Of course, there were players who tried to skip levels to fight stronger monsters, but Dragonica World level suppression made fighting higher level monsters very costly. Moreover, this was a warrior's beginner village, so there were no healing support classes.

BastardSword and the others were very lucky. The Slime Chief was an NPC created by the system especially for Archie. Although it had a lot of health, but its attacks were weak. It was basically no threat to the three of them. After the chief's death, the 100 points of experience actually allowed them all to level up. With their health filled up, they could conveniently take turns to tank the normal slimes! It turned out perfectly!

Meanwhile, Archie was unfortunate.

"Humans. You've taken all my equipment and even ruin my quest! You are courting death!"

If Archie was a warrior, his rage would definitely be maxed.

"Not letting me play the game huh? Then no one can play!"

Archie decided that even if he had to die, he would make them regret.

The cemetery was right there. It only took Archie a few steps to reach the murder scene, where he revived without hesitation.

BastardSword's group of three were still there.

"Taste my spit!"

Archie instantly shot a 'spit arrow' towards teammate #1 the moment he revived. Why did he choose him? Well who told him to hold Archie's sword.

BastardSword's group were stunned. They had never seen a boss respawn so fast.

It even instantly attacked. Has the boss entered a berserk stage?

"It looked like their 'Charge' is still on cooldown. Then I'll take this opportunity to spit a few more times." The charge skill had a half minute cooldown time. This gave Archie plenty of time.

Archie began to use his spit kiting tactic. He fought as if he had a deathwish. Even his gaming skills seemed to have become better.

'Spit Arrow', cooldown 5 seconds, continuously deal 5 damage. Archie accidently found a secret. After 4 consecutive uses of the skill, teammate #1 was brought down to half health. Then, when the 'Charge' cooldown was reset, he was ganged up on and beat to death.

"Nothing again! Sorry old Tyrant."

Teammate #1 said, shaking his unlucky hand. He felt somewhat bad for BastardSword. The wooden sword was rolled by himself. The sackcloth shirt was rolled by Teammate #2. They had agreed the third item would unconditionally go to BastardSword, but the two consecutive scratches, made him feel sorry.

"Call me Tyrant! I'm not old!" BastardSword cared more about his nickname than equipment.

"PHPTHPTHPTHTPHTPHTPHTrr (Eat my spit arrow)!"

While Teammate #1 was feeling bad, Archie had revived.

"They're actually still trying to loot my corpse! This one doesn't even have any underwear left, yet you still loot!" Archie was full of rage as he launched another spit arrow at Teammate #1. Today, he would focus him down!

……

"Have we run into one of those legendary bugs? How can there be a boss that revives this fast."

BastardSword's group of 3 were surprised, followed by another chase.

Archie's gaming skills were currently outstanding. After 4 more 'Spit Arrows' he managed to kill Teammate #1 before being sent back to the graveyard by the other two's charge.

"A pity the wooden sword didn't drop." Archie felt a twinge of regret. 

"You death-seeking humans, feel my wrath! Not one of you is getting away! Don't think you can escape after coming to my territory!"

Archie ran to his corpse to continue to revive.

"Beep! Player has revived too much in a short period of time. Please wait 2 minutes 56 seconds before continuing the game." It turns out the game doesn't let players continuously revive at their corpse, otherwise a boss could be killed using human wave tactics.

"Humph, I'll spare you for now. I'll be back to show you my might." It actually came just in time. Archie was starting to feel the urge to pee. He had to go to settle it first.

Back to BastardSword's group of 2.

They held their sticks ready and stood back to back to cover all directions. This was too strange. Even a mob didn't respawn that quickly nor get aggroed so fast.

After a minute, the two of them trembled as they looked left and right and discovered that the boss hadn't respawned. Then with a 'might as well try' mindset, they looted the corpse, just incase equipment dropped. 

BastardSword looked around while squatting down to loot.

"It dropped something!" BastardSword happily called out. It finally dropped something again. Teammate #1's sacrifice was not in vain!

"You've obtained 'Rotten Drumstick'."

Rotten Drumstick: Can eat. Every second gain -1 health. To humans, eating rotten foods has the opposite effect.

"F\*\*k your rotten drumstick! Who wants to eat such a disgusting thing! They actually even imitate rotten food in a perfect realism VR game."

"Eating this shit even makes you lose health. Does the system want me to kill myself?" Things had been very strange.

"This is definitely one of those legendary bugs!" The two of them cried out simultaneously.
