---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 6"
category: "SLIME"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 6: Chief is Also Running to His Corpse

Though the animosity was great, man still has to answer to the call of nature. 

Archie resolved his bladder's explosive crisis, then his nearly shriveled stomach began to protest its owner's neglect.

"So hungry!" Archie finally recalled that he had yet to eat lunch. Of course, don't even mention breakfast; a professional gamer doesn't need breakfast, just midnight snacks.

"Forget it, the game is more important. Breakfast and lunch or whatever can just get merged into dinner."

Archie chugged a cup of cold water, tricking his stomach for a while, then put on his gaming helmet and continued his struggle.

The awesome log-in interface flashed by in 2 seconds, and Archie returned to the slime gathering grounds.

Just in time, the resurrection cooldown ended. Operation Revenge could continue!

"BastardSword, you won't even let off my drumstick! Just wait for your death!"

Archie dragged his ass off towards the location of his previous battle. He was now even more proficient at running to his corpse. His corpse was just at the edge of the slime gathering area's graveyard, just a few steps away. 

Archie looked around, but as a spirit, he couldn't see any living creatures, nor any colors or sounds. It was like watching those old black and white movies; full of surrealism but strangely made one feel a peaceful contentment.

Following the contentment was a feeling of emptiness and loneliness. Looking at such a quiet world, Archie felt like he was the last person on earth.

"I don't know whether or not I can see the spirits of other players in this state. Hah~" Archie lamented. All alone even on the internet, with no one around.

Archie was a bit lost in thought, his mind drifting far far away. He thought of his kindergarten classmates, elementary school classmates, middle school classmates, high school classmates, college... he didn't go to college, so had no college classmates. He also thought of his future girlfriend somewhere on the great big earth...

...

"Brave warrior, these are indeed the tail feathers of those evil crows. Come over and receive your reward." A sudden voice startled Archie.

"Chief!!!!???"

He quickly looked over and guess what he saw! The spirit of the slime village chief!!! Was the village chief haunting the place???

In the slime gathering area's graveyard, the village chief was there with a big question mark above his head (quest completion sign), calling out to Archie. 

He set aside his revenge, no longer in a rush to revive. He decided to reconsider after talking to the chief. This game was becoming more and more outlandish.

"Village chief, just now, I helped you get ⅓ revenge by killing one of the humans. Adventurer are too dangers, you should be careful in the future."

Archie loved games, but more than that, he loved assimilating with the game world and interacting seriously with the NPCs. Experiencing their stories was also one of Archie's hobbies.

Living alone all year made Archie like talking with others, even if it was with an NPC.

"Thank you brave slime!" The village chief nodded and expressed its gratitude.

"The great slime prophet had long foreseen today's tragedy. Along with the appearance of adventurers, the survival of our slime race has become more and more unlikely. Luckily, the prophet had also foreseen that a great slime hero would appear, giving our slime race the power to fight for our place in this continent. From the moment I first saw you, I knew that the prophesized slime had appeared."

Who would have thought that the slime chief actually started a dialogue with Archie. One had to admit that the AI system was formidable.

"Could this be the storyline that the AI system has prepared for me?" Archie thought that it was very likely.

"Then did the prophet foresee any magical weapons?" Archie began to fantasize again.

"The prophet only foresaw a great war which would threaten the existence of every race on the continent, including the great dragon race. However, he wasn't able to see the fate of our slime race. Everything will depend on you, great warrior. Oh right, great warrior, you have completed the quest splendidly. Please receive your reward."

"You've completed a quest. Obtained 500 experience. Your level has increased to 3."

"You've obtained equipment: Slime's Novice Shoes, +1 defence, +5 speed." The system message made him overjoyed.

He actually rose directly to level 3. It turns out that leveling from 2 to 3 only required 300 experience. There was even an equipment reward that hadn't been mentioned when he first received the quest. "Haha, whatever! +5 speed! The faster I am, the easier kiting will be! Let's put it on!"

"Eh, what the heck is this?"

Putting on the shoes, a big rubber cushion appeared at the bottom part of Archie's slime body, as if he was sitting in a frying pan. Slimes had no legs, so of course they couldn't possible wear shoes, but was it really ok to make it like this? Why not call it Slime's Novice Cushion.

"Whatever, at least my attributes have increased. A man shouldn't mind the details, but look at the big picture!"

In Dragonica World, only experience is shown for quest rewards. The other rewards will be randomly drawn based on the quest difficulty. It could be extra experience, equipment, consumables, etc. Of course, the easier the quest, the more likely there will be no extra reward at all. Archie actually got a piece of equipment for his beginner quest, making him a pretty lucky bastard.

"It's said that every level will reward 3 attribute points. Should I add them to intelligence or strength? Am I considered a melee or magic class?" The attribute distribution made Archie vexed, "Wait!"

He felt a bad feeling...

Archie immediately opened up his character interface.

"Shit! Why are even my attribute points from leveling randomly distributed!! Even if it's random, why is it all added to speed!!"

Archie saw that his attributes still left him as frail as a newborn chick.

Player: Slime

Level: 3

Strength: 1

Agility: 1

Intelligence: 1

Spirit: 1

Stamina: 1

Speed: 17 + 5

"A speed of 17 + 5 = 22. So fast... Wonderful! Wonderful your sister! These attributes are as trashy as trash can be! How can I fight monster or level like this?"

"Has my bug really been fixed?"

Of course not, Archie's slime character's very existence was a bug.

"Let's check a normal player's base attributes. I hope the gap isn't too big."

...

5 minutes later...

Archie set aside his mouse and keyboard, then sighed.

He had found the information, but the problem was more serious than it seemed.

Number 1: Other players can allocate their own attribute points.

Number 2: A normal player can't put points into 'Speed'. Speed had a fixed value, it could only be raised through equipment and skills.

Number 3: Players starting speed were all 0. The official description said that every 1 'Speed' was equivalent to 1% of base movement speed.

Number 4: Attribute points are not that important, because there were already some lucky players who had obtained green equipment with attributes through quests. The increase to attributes was very significant, so it could be speculated that good equipment would be the main source of a player's fighting strength.

The good news was that his current trash numbers didn't mean he would be trash in the future. Good equipment could even out the difference in attributes, so most important was still equipment. Since speed couldn't be increased with points, at this point in the game where players were all at 0 speed, his 22 speed made him as fast as an electric scooter. This was his advantage.

The bad news was that his trash attributes would make fighting monsters a problem. Moreover, according to the forums, most players had already finished off the first crow tail feathers quest and begun the second quest, 'Dispose of 50 Slimes'.

It could be easily imagined just how foul and bloody this slime gathering area would become.

Archie instantly put his gaming helmet back on and returned to the game. Time waits for nobody, he had to make every second count.

It had been 15 minutes since his death, so he wasn't sure if any other players had arrived at the slime gathering grounds. Whatever the case, he had to leave as soon as possible. Revenge? What revenge? Were the lives of BastardSword and his goonies more important than his own?

"Chief? Where are you? Chief, where did you go?" Archie looked for the chief in a panic. He couldn't just give up his beginner quest line. Unlike normal players, his main source of experience was quests!

Luckily, the chief had yet to revive. With its giant body, he just had to wander around a bit to find it.

"Village chief, where are you going?"

"Running to my body to revive. This is common sense."

An NPC running to his body? Don't they just directly revive? What kinda common sense was this!?

Whatever, let's get the quest first.

'Gray Wolf Menace', kill 50 gray wolves. Alright, wasn't it just that gray wolf who took his first time? Go go go!

"Village chief, according to a reliable source, the village will soon be flooded with adventurers. It would be better if you didn't revive."

Since it was a chief of his race, he didn't want to see it being killed over and over.

"Brave warrior, thank you for your concern, but protecting this gathering ground is my duty as chief. Even if I have to fall into an endless cycle of life and death, I must fulfill my responsibility."

"Wow! So great!"

"Brave warrior, you have your own task. I will be waiting for you to save our slime race from our infinite death. It's a pity, I am unable to guide you further. Once you complete your quest, you can go find 'Yellow'. He is the strongest slime in this region. In order to defend against the gray wolves, he has always been fighting at the front-lines. Let him guide you in the future."

Saying that, a gray question mark (incomplete quest sign) appeared above the village chief before he disappeared.

Just chatting a bit and the quest changed?? The intelligence of NPCs in this game was so high!

---

TN: (Update) Sorry I wasn't clear before. This is a teaser for now. Will be focusing mainly on White Emperor. 
