---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 2"
category: "DISCIPLE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 2: Bridal Chamber??**

Following an echoing sound, a translucent interface appeared in front of Di Jiufeng. She froze, afraid someone would see it.

The system aptly explained, "Don't worry. The system is bound to you, so in this world, besides you, no one else can see it."

Di Jiufeng relaxed, and began to to study the various windows.

Model: Transmigration System

Main Characters: Di Jiufeng, ~~Deep Darkness~~ Lumina

Character Identities: The cultivation world's number one sect's Di Jiufeng; Reincarnated ancient witch.

Quest Summary: Due to the author's twisted nature, which resulted in an excessively tragic heroine and an excessively bloody story, the readers are not able to accept the ending. In order to appease their feeble hearts, the system has selected you to reform the ancient witch. Now begins your difficult journey to a successful ending.

Tears streamed down Di Jiufeng's cheeks. If possible, she did not at all want to be chosen. However, it was too late now. She could only tearfully see it through.

Besides these lines, there was also a map at the bottom of the window as well as a quest progress bar. Her map was mostly greyed out, only the Sword Sect and the peach-blossom grove she was just in had coloration. As for the quest progression, she could only give up and laugh. She never knew there could be 0.1% progress.

"System! Get out here!"

Di Jiufeng lost control of her temper and roared, "I've already stopped the ancient witch from slaughtering children, and even took her as my disciple, yet you only give me 0.1% progress. Are you trying to slight me! If you continue like this, I'm going to quit the sect and leave!"

The system pondered, then replied seriously, "It has been verified. What you've accomplished has only affected the main storyline by 0.1%. There is no error in the system. As for quitting the sect, your actions are not restricted as long as you work to completed the quest. If not, the system will self-destruct."

Di Jiufeng was speechless.

Not completing the quest meant death, not working on the quest meant death; just how much does this system hate her, telling her to die, die, die. She wanted to beat it up but, for her little life... she gave in to fear.

Only after many breaths did Di Jiufeng regain her noble elegance, which truthfully was only to cover her ignorance.

Her lips formed a bitter smile, as she said, both mentally and physically exhausted, "System, I ask you this; do I have to light up that entire map in order to fill the progress bar?"

The system replied, "That is so. I will guide you through the entire map to complete all the ancient witch reformation quests."

"Alright, but I have a question. What the heck is that bridal chamber!!" Good thing Di Jiufeng had big eyes, otherwise she would have missed the little bridal chamber label on the corner of the map. Sure, she was a spinster, but that didn't mean it could bully her for it! Seeing everyone forming couples was tough enough, but now even these quests wanted to stab her where it hurts.

Hering her words, the system core began to flash, but it didn't show any signs of replying. After a while, it simple used its electronic voice and said seriously, "It is not yet time for that quest, so you temporarily cannot be informed. Host, first return to the sect. Please regain your noble elegance and be careful not to slip up."

Saying that, the system paid her no further attention and turned off.

Di Jiufeng faintly sensed something, but the feeling was too hazy, she couldn't make sense of it. The sect was right ahead. The young cultivator guarding the mountain gate had already seen her. In order not to blow her cover, Di Jiufeng chose not to think too much about it.

"Lumi, we're at the Sword Sect. From now on, this will be your home." Stopping her flying sword at the base of the mountain, Di Jiufeng held Lumina's hand as they walked over. Her expression was indifferent; even though she wore red, she was so cold that no one dared to look directly at her. The cultivators by the gate bowed their heads, but they couldn't help but steal glances from time to time.

She was really to cold, like an unmeltable iceberg, striking fear into people's hearts. It was better before.

No no no, it still wasn't good before. It was already part of her bones. She had already crushed the hearts of everyone on this mountain peak who dared to court her.

If she could be a bit calmer, how great would that be. The young cultivator couldn't help but peek. He had no idea what happened in this past month to cause this heavenly Di Jiufeng's change of heart.

He watched while minding his own business and suddenly felt a chill down his back.

He quickly turned his head and saw the little girl that was holding fairy Jiufeng's hand, staring at him. Those eyes looked as if they would eat him alive. 

"Fairy, she... she is......" The young cultivator jumped in fright and shuffled to the other side.

Di Jiufeng didn't know what happened and didn't stop walking forwards. "She my new disciple. Right, run an errand for me. Go to the attendant hall and have them send a set of inner disciple things over." Di Jiufeng asserted. Even she herself was frightened by her tone. She spoke politely, but her voice contained a dignity that didn't allow any disobedience.

There wasn't anything strange about that though. The fairy Jiufeng of the past was also like this, but the her at that was more charming and could send anyone's heart fluttering.

"Yes fairy. I'll send someone right away."

Although the book's main storyline had collapsed into a mess, but the background world was still normal. This was a cultivation world where no one had ascended for tens of thousands of years. In the current world, cultivation was separated into seven ranks: qi refinement, foundation establishment, core formation, nascent soul, deity transformation, the great ascension, and the crossing. After awakening, the ancient witch was half a step into deityhood, a top expert. As for fairy Di Jiufeng, who was just cannon fodder in the book, her cultivation wasn't high, at merely nascent soul.

However, she was accustomed to using people. With her nascent soul cultivation, she actually managed to get an elder position in one of the top sects.

After Di Jiufeng was sucked into the book, the system didn't make things difficult for her. It allowed her to directly inherit the cultivation knowledge, it was just that as cannon fodder, there wasn't much about fairy Jiufeng in the book. All the things she's experienced, neither Di Jiufeng nor the system knew about them. In order to avoid being seen through, she could only come up with a heavenly excuse - a change of heart.

Di Jiufeng pretended to be cold, so that others could only keep a respectful distance, and the results were pretty good. At least up until today, she had yet to be exposed.

The transportation array by the entrance shined and Di Jiufeng was sent to her personal mountain peek. It was a place like paradise, covered in ever-flowering pear trees. Occasionally, there would be a breeze, filled with the fragrance of flowers. The fallen petals looked like a field of snow.

Di Jiufeng pulled Lumina along the path between the trees as they slowly walked up the peak. The sunlight shined past the flowering trees, dispersing into specks of light on her face and as far as the eye can see.

The beautiful scene brought with it a feeling a timeless-ness and peace. Occasionally Di Jiufeng would turn and smile, making Lumina feel like she wanted to stay here forever. She unconsciously tightened her grip on her master's hand, doing her utmost to hold onto this warmth she had finally found.

"Master, this place is so big. Too big. I can't even see it all. If I get lost, will you be able to find me?"

Di Jiufeng pinched her cheeks, "Then wouldn't it be fine if you just always stay by my side?"

As they spoke, they had already arrived at the end of the small path. It was no longer filled with thriving pear trees, but was instead bright. In the wide open space was a two story tall pavilion, richly decorated, exceptionally exquisite.

This was Di Jiufeng's room. In the middle of the room was an incense whose smoke billowed out from the window, giving the entire space a sweet fragrance.

"Let's go in." Di Jiufeng was about to enter with her when a male voice came from behind.

She turned her head and saw a well dressed man with a sword walking over, "Jiufeng, you've taken a disciple?" The man was one of the four elders of the Sword Sect's elders. Normally, he was rather close to Di Jiufeng, but recently, Jiufeng's nature had changed greatly and no longer liked to speak, so he didn't feel right acting close.

Hearing the she had taken a disciple today, he wanted to come formally congratulate her.

"Is this your disciple?" He looked down at her, but just glance was enough to make him gasp, "Jiufeng! You can't accept this disciple!"
