---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 3"
category: "DISCIPLE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 3: Destroy the World

Although the girl holding Di Jiufeng's hand was slim, but it didn't detract from her delicate face. Big and wide almond-shaped eyes, a high nose, and a small mouth made her look clever and pretty.

She was a rare beauty-to-be. When she grows up, she would likely break many hearts.

The little girl was very good looking, almost like a little elf, but strangely her aura was even more imposing than an adult's, like an unsheathed sword. Her eyes were as deep as an abyss, a glance would make one's hair stand on end.

Yue Qingfeng furrowed his brows. He hid his hands in his sleeve as he calculated, but the little girl's fate was strange, as if covered in layers upon layers of fog, making it impossible to derive.

The only thing he discovered was that she had a rarely seen cursed fate.

"Jiufeng, come with me," he reached out his hand and directly grabbed Di Jiufeng's wrist. Yue Qingfeng was about to move when he felt a cold glare lock onto him. He looked over and saw that girl staring at him very fiercely. Her grey eyes seemed to fluctuate, becoming demonic.

"Humph, so terrifying at such a young age, imagine when she grows up!" Yue Qingfeng snorted and waved his sleeve. He was a deity transformation stage cultivator, so his movements seemed to contain the aura of stars. Lumina was still young, so could only resist for an instant before her demonic aura was slapped away and she was sent flying.

The figure in ash-gray clothing was knocked back like a broken puppet. 

Di Jiufeng's heart constricted as she quickly caught her, but Lumina was already injured. She wrapped the little body in her embrace. 

Blood continuously spilled out of Lumina's mouth. She was clearly in a lot of pain, and her brows were furrowed tightly, but she still tried to act calm. While gasping for breath, she pretended to be relaxed as she said, "Master, I'm... I'm fine..."

Di Jiufeng stroked her forehead sending a strand of pure spiritual energy into her body, helping her breath become more tranquil, before looking up and speaking in a cold voice, "Senior, she is just a child. How can you attack with killing intent."

"Child?"

Yue Qingfeng snorted coldly, "If she was an innocent child, how would she know to use those evil abilities. Jiufeng, she has a cursed fate, rarely seen in even tens of thousand of years. What if she becomes a demonic cultivator. This sort of creature should be eliminated as soon as possible to prevent a worldwide catastrophe! Senior is doing this for you. I know you're too soft-hearted to do it yourself, so just leave her to me."

The moment those words were spoken, everyone froze.

A cursed fate, demonic cultivator, so terrifying. Whoever kept her by their side would suffer. No one would want to bear that danger. Lumina was afraid she was about to be abandoned again. She should already have been used to such matter, but Di Jiufeng's appearance had been a path of light in her empty heart.

She unconsciously tried harder. Her two hands gripped firmly onto the sleeve, a hint of hope still in her eyes which cried for affection.

Di Jiufeng was silent. Yue Qingfeng was so strong, could he have figured everything out? If so, then what about her change of souls...

Di Jiufeng was worried. Her heart thumped powerfully.

She tried asking, "Senior, you can calculate everything?"

Yue Qingfeng shook his head, "Of course not. Fate is diverse; to be able to peek at a corner of it is already my limit. I do not dare claim to see it all. However, your disciple's terrible fate, any cultivator can see it, there is no chance of a mistake!"

Hearing Yue Qingfeng's words, Di Jiufeng felt relieved. Thinking it over, it should have been obvious. If he knew that she was a different person, then what reason would he have to stay his hand? It's definitely because he couldn't even sense it.

With her mind at ease, she regained her nobility and elegance. Every frown and smile contain extreme cold, like the queen of the highest heaven whom none dared to disobey. She looked down to see Lumina's questioning face had become pale. The fingers gripping her sleeve were tense and had even begun to tremble.

"Foolish girl."

In that instant, Di Jiufeng's heart inconceivably softened. Regardless of how forced the act of her taking in the ancient witch was, now she was completely willing. Lumina was only a child. Her turning into a monster was partly forced, so no one could be sure.

She lightly petted Lumina's hair, making her relax, before raising her head and saying, "Senior, all living things are equal. Fate is determined by heaven, but our nature can be changed by man. Abandoning her now would be a wrong step in her life. I'll keep her by my side, and teach her to the best of my ability; if she's still no good, then I'll apologize with my life!"

Di Jiufeng said in a cold but powerful voice.

Truth be told, she was just breaking a broken jar, since if she couldn't reform the ancient witch, she would be blown up by the system anyways. It was no different than apologizing with her life.

When Ye Qingfeng heard her words, he felt like Fairy Jiufeng had a great heart, beyond what he could ever imagine. He felt ashamed. "Right! I was narrow-minded. If that's the case, then I won't stop you. Jiufeng, you've never had a disciple. If you have any questions, you can come find me."

Having successfully sent Yue Qingfeng away, Di Jiufeng walked hand in hand with her disciple into her pavilion.

According to the story, besides hardship and suffering, the ancient witch's childhood consisted of hard training. With her innate intelligence, even without a master, she could still learn to cultivate her body. 5 years later, or when the ancient witch was 15, would be when she participates in the cultivation world's younger generation competition. There she revealed her talent and succeeded in become the best and brightest.

With her strength, she should have received the best prize - a magical pill that could raise a foundation establishment cultivator into the core formation stage, a top quality flying sword, and entrance to the lost treasure lands - however because of her demonic fate, she not only received no benefits, she was even imprisoned in Clear Heart Cliff's forbidden area.

The ancient witch was furious, but she knew that with her present strength, she was unable to make an enemy of the entire cultivation world.

Thus, she could only endure in the forbidden land.

The flame of rage simmered for an entire year. There was no spiritual force in the forbidden land, but the ancient witch was a demonic cultivator. That year, the forbidden land not only failed to obstruct her advancement, it actually allowed her to use the resentment trapped on the land to cultivate a second spiritual body.

This gave her a chance to escape. She left her spiritual body in the forbidden area while her main body took advantage of the ghost festival, when the area was void of guards, to escape. She declared at that time that she would not take that humiliation lying down. Therefore, she found the 10th place contestant, with the weakest reputation, and killed him extremely cruely, taking on his identity to sneak into the lost treasure lands.

The following massacre brought an end to the prologue. Not a hint of suspicion was directed to the ancient witch.

"Host, host! This is your next quest. Prevent the ancient witch's bloody massacre in the lost treasure lands." The moment Di Jiufeng walked into the pavilion and carried her disciple towards the bath, she heard that annoying electric alarm. 

She roughly glanced over the quest window and barely restrained her urge to just hide away.

"System, I doubt that you're retarded, but those people were just seeking their own death. For what reason should I save them? Just because of my disciple's fate, they want to imprison her for life, if they aren't retarded then what reason could they have?"

The system thought for a moment with some beeping sounds, then said, "The main program validated, system is not retarded. System will not retort. You can choose to not accept, but there will be consequences. Please make your choice."

The quest window began to flash and displayed a selection screen.

Di Jiufeng scanned it and immediately, her cheeks streamed with tears.
