---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 4"
category: "DISCIPLE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 4: Shared Bath Quest

Quest Confirmation Window: According to the programmed settings, for every death, host will be struck once by lightning. Not fatal, but will experience level 10 pain. Now please choose whether to accept the quest.

Accept ---------------- Accept

Di Jiufeng looked at the two identical buttons, and laughed to herself. It should have at least pretended to put in a decline button; even if clicking it did nothing, it would at least make her feel a bit better. What the heck was this? It didn't even care at all.

Di Jiufeng ridiculed it in her head, in no rush to hit accept. Instead, she asked, "What does level 10 pain mean? It's too abstract, there's no way I can understand it."

The system thought for a bit, then explained, "Then I'll give an example. Imagine if someone pricked a tiny hole on your skin, then from this hole they began to slowly tear your skin off. Level 10 pain should be about equivalent to that. If you feel this is not clear enough, I can allow you to directly..."

"Stop, stop, stop!" Di Jiufeng could already feel goosebumps forming from just hearing about it. She couldn't help shivering in fear and interrupting the system. 

What transmigration system, this was simply a terrorist!

"I feel that the cost is too great, can I choose to not accept the quest?"

"Negative, if you do not make your choice within 3 minutes, you will explode."

After the system spoke, a countdown display ruthlessly appeared on the quest window. Di Jiufeng really wanted to flip the table. She dawdled for not even a moment before the countdown directly jumped to the last 3 seconds.

3, 2, 1...

Di Jiufeng quickly slapped down on an accept button in the last second. Following her confirmation, some words appeared on the quest window.

Congratulations, host has successfully accepted the quest. Now beginning side quest 1: Wash and Dress the Ancient Witch. Quest reward: 10 luck points.

After the quest was introduced, the window became black. Di Jiufeng returned to reality and saw her disciple hugging onto her leg, her face full of worry as she said, "Master, whats wrong? You suddenly stopped moving."

Lumina looked up at Di Jiufeng, unblinkingly. She was small, destitute, and not yet fully grown; just tall enough to hug Di Jiufeng's waist.

From this angle, Di Jiufeng found her cuter the longer she looked. She immediately patted the girl's head, then picked her up with two arms and hugged her, "Master is fine. Master was just considering stewing some spiritual beast bone broth for you. It will be good for your growth. Ok, forget about that for now, let's take a bath first." She put the girl down by the bathroom, planning to undress her.

Lumina had no memories of living with anyone before, let alone taking a bath with someone. Her cheeks instantly felt burning hot as she grabbed her clothes with both hands and retreated.

Di Jiufeng felt like she was being treated like an evil tyrant even though she clearly just wanted to bathe her.

"Lumina, don't be afraid. I won't hurt you. I just want to wash you. Although cultivators don't get dirty, but nothing beats a bath at soothing the mind." She reached her two hands towards Lumina, but the girl shook her blushing head as hard as she could.

Di Jiufeng looked at her for a moment and felt guilt bubbling up. Lumina was just a child, how could she make things difficult for her!

Thinking it over, Di Jiufeng was going to let Lumina wash herself, but just at that time, the system reminded her, "Completing side quests will reward you with luck points. Luck points can be used to exchange for things that you want with the system." The moment that was announced, Di Jiufeng was like she had taken a shot of adrenalin.

No longer worried, she reached forwards and hugged Lumina to herself. "Disciple, let me tell you, bathing together is the best for improving relationships. You might feel that it is a bit strange, but I guarantee that once we finish our bath, you'll feel like we're one family from the bottom of your heart."

Who is the best at digging holes for themselves? In the Sword Sect's Mount Li, just find Di Jiufeng.

Many years later, when Di Jiufeng truly understood the formidable might of shared baths, her cheeks would stream with tears. She would think back and ask herself, why give in to the luck points and cheat her disciple. If she had known, she would have conducted herself more honestly and continued with her elegant, noble fairy image.

Of course, that's a matter for the future.

Thus, Di Jiufeng used a shackling curse to restrict her disciple, and forcefully brought her into the bathroom. When she was about to undress her, Lumina screamed in fear, "Master, master, I'm already grown up. I can bathe by myself. Don't do this. I... I......"

"What are you afraid of? It's not like I'm going to hit you." Di Jiufeng just pretended that her disciple was being shy. She interrupted her with a smile and turned her around.

She didn't manage to see that the instant Lumina turned, the panic in her eyes became a deep darkness.

Lumina didn't want to disobey her teacher, but also didn't want her secret to bring her teacher trouble. Thoughts spun around her mind and she finally came up with an idea.

When Di Jiufeng removed Lumina's clothes, she saw a malevolent, evil design on her back. It's face was so ugly that one look made her shiver.

This was the mark of a demonic cultivator. The ancient witch was already a demonic cultivator.

Di Jiufeng's mind was clear. She didn't want Lumina to cultivate this sort of evil art. She opened her mouth, but before she could make a sound, Lumina said, "Master, I have something to confess."
