---
layout: chapter
title: "Chapter 5"
category: "DISCIPLE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 5: Choice**

To Lumina, Di Jiufeng was like a goddess; pure, untainted, not even a thread of evil dared to show itself in her presence. Lumina didn't care how damaging the path of demonic cultivation was, but she was scared. If one day, Di Jiufeng knew that her disciple was such a fiendish monster, would she draw the line and no longer smile to her?

Lumina's mind was full of panic. Her two hands unconsciously clenched into fists and hung by her side. "Master, I'm a demonic cultivator. I... I didn't do it on purpose, but when I was young, I was treated as a sacrifice and thrown to a burial mound. There, I was contaminated by death qi, so I could only become a demonic cultivator to survive."

Lumina's words were 70-80% truth. She really was thrown in a burial mound when she was 5. However, the demonic way was something she chose for herself. There was no special reason, it was just for the strength to take revenge. Moreover, with her cursed fate, one day of effort would be equivalent to another person's many days.
　　
Lumina didn't dare speak her true thoughts to her master. A darkness flashed through the depths of her eyes, then she lowered her head and said, "Master, being a demonic cultivator isn't my desire, but my body has already been corroded by death qi, I can no longer cultivate any other way. If you want me to give up the demonic way, then I'll naturally listen to you, but then I can't protect master."

"I don't want to be so useless. So I beg you, let me continue my cultivation. I promise not to let anyone know. I'll definitely not let it affect master." Though Lumina was being sly, she was sincere.

She was serious about protecting the person in front of her. Even if she was only a child right now, but her desire to shield Jiufeng from the wind and rain was not lacking. Her master looked so weak, her heart was so pure, and she was the only one in the world who was kind to her. Lumina wanted to firmly grab hold of her, and stay by her side forever.

Lumina became more worked up the more she spoke. Listening to her childish voice, Di Jiufeng couldn't help but feel moved.

She rubbed Lumina's head and said softly, "The demonic way is not at fault, it is just that those who cultivate it are all fiendish people who makes others spurn it. Master won't prevent you from cultivating the demonic way, but you have to remember, if one day you use it to harm others, then master won't forgive you!"

The two of them both revealed their true feelings. Di Jiufeng then continued her great bath undertaking.

Truth-be-told, it wasn't much. She just occasionally... splashed some water on her disciple. That's right, her disciple was very clever, she could do everything herself. Only her head of raven-black hair, due to not being combed for a long time, was knotted in many places. Di Jiufeng pulled her over and patiently helped her straighten her hair.

Steam rose from the bath. The smell of the dense mist was bewitching. Lumina leaned against her legs and absentmindedly enjoyed the comb brushing through her hair, as if staring off into eternity.

She wanted to stay like this, but there had to be some fool who came to interrupt.

Ding~ Ding~ Ding~ The ringing of bells notified that someone had arrived. It was a pleasant sound, but it made Lumina's mind dizzy. She sighed, and then fell into Di Jiufeng's embrace.

Hearing that sound, Jiufeng didn't react for a while, until her disciple fainted onto her, blood flowing from her mouth. She suddenly remembered something.

"System, system, get out here!"

Di Jiufeng shouted in her mind. Without waiting for the system's reply, she hurriedly asked, "Is that the pure-heart bell? But the scene with the pure-heart bell should have happened after the ancient witch killed the children and descended the mountain. She has already returned with me! Why does she still have to suffer this hardship!"

The system calmly replied, "Because that is the plot. Every main plot point, no matter where you run, will happen."

"Then why didn't you warn me?!" Di Jiufeng was about to explode, "It's fine even if you don't remind me, but you actually made me start a side-quest! Tell me, are you just trying to get me blown up!"

The system shook its head and said earnestly, "I have no opinion regarding the host, thus do not want to blow host up. However, I am a transmigration system, my settings state that: 'I will only offer aid when it involves saving lives.' In the next five years, the ancient witch will not kill anyone, so the system will not offer any assistance."

The transmigration system acted high and mighty. Di Jiufeng couldn't do anything.

In her heart, she cursed it in 1800 ways, but her hands never stopped working. She helped her disciple get dressed and then placed her safely to the side before drawing her spirit sword, Red Deathblow, like a gust of wind.

Ever since Di Jiufeng's changed, Mount Li had been extremely quiet, but today was noisy. A white whiskered old man carried a bell and, along with his disciples and grand-disciples, stood aggressively at the doorway.

This was the Sword Sect's thousand year old daoist, who had lost his elder position to Di Jiufeng. Since then, he hated her.

Today he coincidently saw Di Jiufeng with her disciple by the gateway. Seeing her cursed fate, he knew she was a fiend that must be eliminated. He immediately made it his life mission. He brought the pure-heart bell that he had just obtained that morning, and directly rushed up Mount Li.

*Those who harbor evil are to be punished by godly lightning. That hussy Di Jiufeng, an insignificant nascent soul, will not even survive a few strikes!*

Now he just had to await her choice. If she gave up that evil creature, she could live; otherwise she would die together with that nasty thing. Either way, he wouldn't lose out. 
