---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 452"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 452: Lianna

Ye Cang took the ballista off his back and put it back in his bag before drawing his pike and clearing up the last few one eyed ogres. With the large one dead, the pressure on the aboriginals was greatly reduced. Each of them cried out and attacked violently. The battle gradually leaned towards Ye Cang and the aboriginals.

In the end, the aboriginal woman watched as a one eyed ogre who had climbed up the stone giant was stabbed to death by a pike, nailed by its neck to the stone arm.

Ye Cang leapt off the rock pillar. He reached out, grabbed Little Blue Feather's claws and glided downwards. When the distance was about right, he shadow stepped behind the woman. He lightly patted the aboriginal woman, who was wondering where the warrior gliding on the falcon had gone.

The aboriginal woman abruptly turned around and saw Ye Cang's faint smiling expression. She saw him push aside his wolf-head hood and extended a hand to her. "Nice to meet you, I'm Black Rock City's Earl PaleSnow..."

The aboriginal woman froze for a moment. She looked at Ye Cang's fluttering white hair, with some black highlights. His faint smile made him look exceptionally handsome. Even though she didn't know what his extended hand meant, but she still grabbed it emotionally, "I... I am Familia tribe's chieftain, Lianna. Earl PaleSnow from Black Rock City, thank you for your assistance..." 

"I never thought team leader would be such a lady-killer. Of course, that's only if they don't know how vile he really is and how much he loves to show off..." FrozenCloud couldn't help but feel some admiration for Ye Cang. Saving Gina Vivian from mortal danger at the cliff and now this. However, it was only when he was showing off that he forgets about looting corpses. She turned and confirmed that Lin Le had jogged over and looted the corpse...

Wu Na couldn't help nodding. She recalled when she was in danger and how Ye Cang's slender white hands, that could tear apart an alloy door, held her. Her face started to become red.

"As expected of Boss, my role model..." Wang worshipped.

"Impossible. Team Leader can be roguish with a deadpan expression, and no one would feel that he's wretched. As for you, just looking at you and I can see your wretched aura..." FrozenCloud shook her head fiercely. 

Wu Na felt somewhat bad, but she still sincerely patted Wang's shoulder, "Good luck..."

"Respected warriors, thank you all for your assistance. Please come with me to the tribe and allow me to entertain you all and express my gratitude..." Lianna smiled, showing her canines.

Wang felt a wave of envy. She was a healthy styled beauty with pronounced canines. He couldn't help but hold a secret grudge.

"We just happen to be weary from our journey. I'm grateful, chieftain Lianna..." Ye Cang smiled completely naturally. This made Lianna even more sure that Ye Cang was her type. He was not pretentious, unlike many of the nobles from Black Rock City. After flashing her a smile, Ye Cang quickly packed up the corpses, and while the aboriginals were all amazed at the capacity of Lin Le's handcart, he hopped onto the stone giant and headed towards the other side of the rock forest with Lianna.

When Lianna found out that Ye Cang had already recovered Anya's shrine and was in the middle of reconstructing the residences, tourist buildings and shopping facilities; she very sincerely requested to become Anya's guard. Only now did Ye Cang's group learn that this tribe was composed of the descendants of people who had escaped from Anya's shrine and chosen to live in seclusion. Even though they wanted to revive the religion, but they didn't have the capability nor the resources. Moreover, they have always been resisting against the one eyed ogres' invasion, so have always lived here, unable to do anything.

"Sir Early PaleSnow, you will forever be the Familia tribe's benefactor!" Lianna bowed.

"Congratulations, your prestige with the Familia tribe has reached worshipped!" The system announced. 

Everyone else also received a message about getting revered status, and were very excited. It meant they could trade for uncommon goods.

"I am the president of the goddess association, and naturally the spokesperson of the three goddesses. Goddess Mallows' and Goddess Jam's shrines have been successfully restored. Black Peaks will once more be under the goddesses' care..." Ye Cang looked into the distance as he spoke. Then he reached out his hand and used his killing move, the head pet, "Now you are also a member of the association, chieftain Lianna..."

"President, I, Lianna, pledge my loyalty to the three nature goddess association!" Lianna said unswervingly.

*It's here! Team Leader's three korean idol goddess training mode!* FrozenCloud and the others all thought to themselves.

Everyone felt that his calm smile was incomparably worse than a malevolent one. *Come come! Innocent lamb! Become my toy! Ahahahaha! Ahahaha!* They could imagine him thinking that.

As for what Ye Cang was truly thinking. *The three goddesses are so useful, but lately Mallows has been resisting my teachings. I have to give her more guidance. Hah, so old and yet she's still throwing tantrums for being a bit less popular than Jam.*

Everyone followed Lianna to the tribe consisting of simple stone huts. The people here mostly lived the lives of savage hunters. The one eyed ogres and the unsuitable terrain meant that it had been a long time since they had seen an outsider. On top of that, there was the threat of the Steel Empire, making this place even more unimportant. Even if anyone knew about them, a group of aboriginals would just be ignored by the nobility.

Lianna announced the fact that Ye Cang was reviving Goddess Anya's shrine. She declared, with dignity, that they would be moving to Ghost Peak to help with the revival and check in. Her announcements were met with abnormally excited cheers. Little Ye Tian looked at the surroundings. There were many starving children due to the presence of a predator like the one eyed ogres. Though she didn't know much, she could still guess that they were calamity like existences and were extremely brutal. Even an ordinary one would take a team of 10 above average players, and that might not even be enough to win. According to Lianna, the one eyed ogre's main dwelling was the Thousand Peaks Mountain to the north. It was a rock forest too, but the scale wasn't something that this one could compare with. Even from here, they could vaguely see the distant, so called, 'Thousand Peaks Mountain'.

"What we're most afraid of is not those ones from before, but the ones deep in Thousand Peaks Mountain. Even I've never seen them. They never come out, because their main food source is each other. According to the records left by the 121st tribe chieftain, there was a one-eyed ogre whose head reached the mountain's peak. His roar can cause hurricanes and his steps crush mountains beneath them. Even though it is a bit exaggerated, but the possibility is terrifying..." Lianna looked at the distant Thousand Peaks Mountain and muttered.

A large-scale event boss. This sort of boss might not even fall no matter how many people you pile on it. It usually required all the regional powers to join forces. It wasn't something they could try right now. Little Ye Tian shook her head, "Anyways, first migrate to Anya. You should leave here, you'll be under the goddesses protection there..."

Ye Cang and the others once again turned back to escort them, guiding the nearly 300 people of the Familia tribe to Anya's shrine. It just so happens that the area around Anya's shrine wasn't as populated as the other two.

Little Ye Tian settled everyone in and distributed work. She had them all join the construction effort, provided them salaries and food was transported from Black Rock City for them. What made Ye Cang sigh was these aboriginals' energy and craftsmanship. Their ability to construct with stone was extremely advanced. Just give them a blueprint along with a simple explanation and they would get to work. Ye Cang already could anticipate that Mallows and Jam would complain to him about how Anya's shrine was a bit better than the rest. At the same time, he also thought of what he would say in response...
