---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 453"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 453: Magical Leatherworking**

About the Thousand Peaks Mountain, Ye Cang didn't speak a word to ThornyRose, NalanPureSoul and the others.

"Earl PaleSnow, thank you for everything you've done for Goddess Anya and our tribe. Lianna is truly unable to return the favor. Whenever and wherever you need me, please just call."

"Congratulations, you've completed the hidden quest, 'Return of the Fermianna tribe'. Obtained 3000 experience, a random class talent, and a skillpoint."

Advanced Shooting (Epic - Beginner Level, Ranger / Hunter / Other ranged classes): +15% penetration, +20% bullet speed, +15 shooting speed.

"Very good, the goddess association has gained more strength. Just protect your tribesmen well..." Ye Cang faintly smiled.

Lianna lowered her head, "Your spirit wolf fur cloak, I can remake it for you. Just treat it as my goodwill..."

Ye Cang took off his wolf cloak. Recalling that he still had some leather from killing the wolf god, he took it out. Lianna happily said, "With such high quality spirit wolf leather, it will be even better. Earl PaleSnow, I didn't expect you to have such rare leather..."

Ye Cang observed from the side. He saw that Lianna's leatherwork ability was very awesome. She could even add magic to the leather. "Can you teach me leatherworking?"

"Of course..." Lianna was very happy that Ye Cang wanted to learn the leatherworking which was passed down from back when the tribe lived with Anya.

"Then please, chieftain Lianna." Ye Cang bowed. Lianna quickly stopped him. She really admired his humble attitude. *To be able to work for such a sagacious person is my honor. I, Lianna, am willing to pledge my heart to the goddess association's cause.*

After that, Lianna worked while explaining the intricacies of leatherworking and how to leave behind suitable magic. She even taught him some weaving techniques, passing on everything she knew the Ye Cang.

"Due to obtaining Lianna's complete teachings, you've learned Fermainna's Magic Leatherworking."

Lianna passed the newly remade wolfskin cloak to Ye Cang.

Dina's Protection (Dark Gold - Dina)

Category: Cloak

Requirements: None

+29 Defence

+20 Strength

+20 Dexterity

+21 Intelligence

+10% Dexterity

+15 Spell Power

Magic damage received is reduced by 20%.

Physical damage received is reduced by 15 points.

Wolf Totem - Dina (Passive): Surrounding allies gain +10 damage, +5 defence, and +5% movement speed.

Ye Cang saw that the new wolf god cloak was even better looking than the old one. The fur was very soft, and a faint, cold light flickered in the wolf-head hood's two eyes. He draped it on and tied it securely with the two wolf limbs. He was very satisfied. As for the tigerkin coat, Ye Cang planned to upgrade it himself. He arranged for Lianna to go to Black Rock City to receive the first phase of her management training. Soon, a puzzled Lianna was already sent on her way.

Everyone gathered at the Fermianna tribe's military quarters and purchased some uncommon goods. SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud noticed yet another aura effect and it clearly appeared when Ye Cang approached. They saw Ye Cang wearing a new and improved, awesome looking wolf-skin cloak.

Wang managed to obtain the uncommon summoning spell - Earth Elemental - Barto, making him very excited. Wu Na saw that there was only earth element magic and felt disappointed, but still bought a Boulder Strike. 

Zhang ZhengXiong saw an Earth Shield skill (create an earth shield around oneself with 3 stacks. Every time you receive an attack, one stack is consumed to heal you for 30 health) and directly bought it. 

As for Ye Cang, he saw the 'Familia Tribe's Great Mystery Box' which required worshipped prestige, 100 water elemental hoops and 500 gold. But what were water elemental hoops?

"What is a water elemental hoop?" Ye Cang inquired.

"Bracelets worn by water elementals." The quartermaster briefly explained.

Ye Cang thought of something, then turned to look at Wang with a good-willed smile. "Summon your water elemental out."

When Wang saw that familiar smile, he quickly summoned his water elemental. Before it could even stand steadily, Ye Cang violently stabbed it with a Flame Blade. He reached his hand out to search the water elemental Tobira, then turned away and said unhappily, "Tsk, nothing at all. I can't even take the bracelet off."

Wang saw his beloved Tobira die right in front of him. *Team Leader... you... you're really too cruel.*

"What do you want a bracelet for..." Wu Na asked. She was already covered in cold sweat.

Ye Cang posted the mystery box for everyone to see. SpyingBlade raised his brows. Something that required 500 gold would definitely have some good stuff. However, it needed 100 water elemental hoops.

Everyone all looked at Wang, "Summon it again..."

Wang saw everyone staring at him and gulped. He started the summoning ceremony and the moment Tobira appeared, everyone ganged up and beat it to death. Lin Le looted the corpse and shook his head, "Nothing at all..."

"I guess that makes sense. You can't continuously kill your companions for loot." FrozenCloud crossed her arm and explained.

Ye Cang asked the quartermaster again, then turned to everyone, "At the lake, there are wild water elementals there. Our second exploration point is there anyways. Let's go. Set out! The treasure is calling for my hand..."

Everyone looked at Ye Cang's back and rolled their eyes. *The treasure chests calling to you are all empty...*

On the road, Ye Cang took some of the piles of leather in the handcart for practice, turning it into a large pile of leather armor. Finally, he upgraded his tiger-skin coat to dark gold grade, and sighed at how skillful his hands were. Seeing that Ye Cang had learned the uncommon Magic Leatherworking, SpyingBlade thought that he would no longer need to worry about some of his leather armor pieces, especially along with Shaking Bear's forging. The premise being that they had enough rare materials; but for this team, that was something he didn't need to worry about. After all, they had Team Leader, the super public sanitation expert...

The closer they got to the lake, the more frequently wild animal and demon beasts appeared. However, to the already treasure crazed Ye Cang, they were just weaklings. Everyone also worked especially hard, sure that the treasure chest would have something good.

The lake gradually appeared in their sight. Ye Cang stopped and began to light a fire. Everyone, originally brimming with enthusiasm, immediately sighed. It's finally come.

"Innovation is the soul of cooking. After careful deliberation, I've come up with a new recipe!" Ye Cang threw the one eyed ogre's meat, zombie flesh, rat meat, skeletal demon bones, and various herbs and mushrooms that even he himself did not recognize, into a pot.

"Let's see how the one eyed ogres taste..." Ye Cang covered it with a lid, then began to prepare a fried dish. He sliced some one eyed ogre meat and rock boar faces, covered them in slime fluid, and added some stink shrooms. Then he began to stir-fry it. Everyone saw that even Ye Cang himself couldn't keep his eyes open while stir-frying, relying completely on feel. The stink made the demon beasts, who were originally intending to ambush them, disappear like wisps of smoke.
