---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 454"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 454: Meeting Pastor Again**

With the addition of the ogre meat, the original affects leaned more towards constitution, giving everyone a large boost to health. The downside was that they all fell to the ground, twitching.

"Sure enough, the dangers that come with inventing new recipes are especially big..." Little Ye Tian woke up first and calmly analyzed.

Having refreshed their food buff, everyone arrived at the lake. It was already night time, and they could see ghostly lights flying out the lake like fireflies. Behind that, everyone could see the lake give off a faint glow, making it look exceptionally beautiful.

Suddenly, a lump shaped water elemental rushed over. On its arms, or what they suspected to be its arms, there was a pair of bracelets. Ye Cang readied his two guns and said to everyone, "Everyone ready?"

Seeing everyone nod, Ye Cang inserted two flame crystals into his guns, then directly activated overload. Under the boost of his new talent, the fire bullets began to pour out. Zhang ZhengXiong and the others guarded at the edge of the lake. SpyingBlade frowned. Team Leader didn't have enough fire spells. They needed to find a fire-element mage to make up the difference. They couldn't keep depending on team leader, that jack-of-all-trades, to be their main fire mage! After all, he wasn't a specialized fire user! This team needed to recruit quite a few people; such as the goddess association's plant summoner and other support classes! For fire, obviously NalanPureSoul would be the first choice, but that was clearly not happening...

The fire element bullets dealt considerable damage. They continuously poured out on the water elementals, making them emit steam. Upon reaching shore, the elementals either clashed with the front-line or were finished off by Lin Le's fatal molotovs. Very quickly, the group obtained 30 water elemental hoops. Here, Wu Na and Wang were not of much use as the water elementals were immune to water element magic.

Ye Cang changed out his magic crystals, and checked his reserves. There were still many fire crystals left. He originally intended to scam NalanPureSoul and LordAsked with them, but embedding no longer made as much money and the mystery chest was calling for him!!

Walking around the lake, Ye Cang noticed a dock. It seemed familiar. Seeing the uncle resting on the dock, he immediately remembered. It's Pastor! He shouted, "Uncle Pastor!!"

Pastor was in the middle of contemplating how he would catch this lakes most precious fish. When he saw Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Lin Le, he grinned, "Haha, it's you guys. I never thought you would really leave Really New Village and come to the outside world... I'm really surprised..."

SpyingBlade had not been around when Ye Cang completed the fishing quest, so was confused. *They know each other?*

Ye Cang brought everyone over to the dock.

Pastor saw Lin Le come over and squeezed his shoulder. "Did you catch any rare fish?"

Lin Le thought hard and replied, "I don't know, I forget..."

Pastor broke out in cold sweat.

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly stood out. *Watch this! Number 1 of the 100 Quest Accepting Sentences!* "Uncle Pastor, seeing your worried face, you must have something you need help with."

SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, and the others were all speechless that Zhang ZhengXiong had used one of the beginner 100 Quest Accepting Sentences. *He was just surprised by you, just how does he look troubled?*

"Correct. Lake Kozawi is a spiritual lake. In it, dwells a super rare fish called the Thunder Fish, however there are too many water elementals. They hate fishermen. Although I don't fear these water elementals, but they'll disrupt my fishing... I hope you all can once again protect my ship and keep away distractions so that I can concentrate on the catch..." Pastor nodded.

"Uncle Pastor, leave it to us." Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

Pastor looked at Ye Cang's clothing and the medals on his chest with interest. "Not bad, it's only been how long? You're doing pretty well, earl..."

"It's nothing." Ye Cang said modestly.

"You all get on the boat and prepare. We'll set out in half an hour. I need to adjust my state of mind." Pastor sat on the dock and stared at the surface of the lake, sinking deep into thought. His mouth continued to mutter, "Fish a mermaid to warm my bed. Fish a mermaid to warm my bed..."

SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang doubtfully. FrozenCloud whispered, "This is a random event NPC that me, team leader and them met back in Really New Village. It rewards generously. This is probably an irregular world-travelling NPC..."

SpyingBlade recalled that Lin Le could fish and immediately understood. He walked onto the small boat and stood by the railing to enjoy the breeze. Little Ye Tian got on and examined the equipment, prying into its structure as she pleased. She used her engineering skill to enforce her analysis, then shook her head. She was still lacking a core skill, otherwise she would need to take apart the magic engine and retractors to understand them. But the rest had been completely inferred by her. She played around with the controls for a bit.

Ye Cang jumped onto the top of the boat and checked his gun's energy crystals. He replaced the half used crystals with unused higher quality fire crystals. FrozenCloud looked all over the boat. When the time comes, she would be guarding the back. "A'Xiong, you'll be in charge of the front. You have to be careful..."

Zhang ZhengXiong wrapped an arm around FrozenCloud. "Lil'Dino, It's me we're talking about. Are you still worried? Hehe, I'll be depending on you to get closer to Sister Lily..."

FrozenCloud suddenly looked ill. Her elbow struck his chest, but it didn't hurt Zhang ZhengXiong one bit. Feeling somewhat hurt, she turned away, "I don't need you to tell me! Damn playboy..."

Zhang ZhengXiong once again grabbed FrozenCloud. He put his forehead to hers, their eyes looked straight at each other and he smiled, "Lil'Dino, I actually don't care about your appearance or your past, because I'm also someone who picked himself up from the ashes. But I can't be together with you right now. I have a bad feeling that if I get together with you, I will lose something important. Can you give me a bit more time?"

FrozenCloud looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's foolish smile, felt his big strong hands against her cheeks and immediately turned red as a tomato. Her voice was reduced to a squeak. "Who... Who would like you. Definitely not me..."

"You're a good woman, a lot like my big sister. Lil'Dino, whether you like me or not, I just hope that you'll stay healthy. If you're healthy, anything else is fine. Health is the most important... The rest is fine. Even if we're just friends, that's fine too, because only when we're alive do we have a future, have... joys... and... sorrows..." Zhang ZhengXiong let go of FrozenCloud and carried his heavy axe to the front of the boat to gaze at the moon.

Hearing Zhang ZhengXiong's words, FrozenCloud didn't know why but her nose had become runny. She stared at Zhang ZhengXiong back in a daze.

Wu Na wrapped an arm around FrozenCloud. "Don't think that A'Xiong is all brawn and only knows how to beat people up. He's actually very gentle and attentive. He's a guy that's good at understanding others. Once, a little girl was selling daffodils. Each flower was only worth 200 federal dollars each, but the girl was selling them for 20,000. He didn't hesitate to buy a lot of them, spending all his own and practically all of Ye Cang's money on them. At that time, I thought he was just some pedophile bastard, but I only found out afterwards that the girl's family was very poor. Her father was ill and needed money to be cured. Can you guess who that little girl's father is?"

FrozenCloud shook her head.

"Actually, you've met him often recently. It's the night market's Old Wang. Old Wang originally wanted to wave all their bills, but Ye Cang and them insisted on paying, otherwise they wouldn't come back... A'Xiong is more kind-hearted than even a little girl, it's just that people are usually scared of him." Wu Na recalled Zhang ZhengXiong's tough outer shell and smiled.

Meanwhile, Zhang ZhengXiong was gazing at the moon. *Bro, I'm also slowly understanding the art of picking up girls. Sister Lily, wait till I take out the big guns!*
