---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 455"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 455: Guarding Pastor Again**

Pastor slowly got up. He brought his fishing tools up onto the boat, then looked at Little Ye Tian in the control cabin, "Far north, the heart of the lake."

The journey was dead calm. The water elementals only appeared from time to time. Gradually, they arrived at the heart of the lake. Pastor motioned for a stop, took a deep breath, then prepared some special bait. With a swing of his fishing rod, he entered sitting mode. His two eyes never left the surface of the lake, completely concentrated.

The surface of the lake began to ripple.

"It's starting..." SpyingBlade drew his longswords and muttered.

Ye Cang drew his two guns and swept his eyes over the bubbling water. Zhang ZhengXiong stood guard by Pastor. Fang Ci quickly summoned out two withered ashes.

"Wang, can your water elemental make ice?" SpyingBlade asked.

"Yeah, with ice magic." Wang nodded.

"Later, turn some of the lake's surface into ice so that me, Lele and Little Ren can use them as springboards." SpyingBlade pointed to an area.

"They're here!" Ye Cang warned. Over ten larger water elementals emerged from the water.

He began to shoot with his two guns. Coming out of his gun was an Enchanted Bullet - Fire - Explosive Bullet. The fiery energy bullet struck the middle water elemental, causing a violent explosion. The gun in his other hand store up fire energy for a Explosive Energy Bullet. Lin Le flung out numerous molotovs, turning the surface of the lake into a sea of flames. Waves of heat and steam continuously rose up. The water elementals' bodies slowly turned smaller, but as one dissipated, another would rise to take its place. Wang and Wu Na began to support the melee attackers by creating icy surfaces by the sea of flames. Ye Cang turned to look at FrozenCloud, who was at the back. There were a few who had gotten onto the boat, so he began to shoot at the back. The few melee attackers threw their weapons into a pile, and Lin Le ignited them with a molotov. Grabbing their blazing weapons, dodging the water bullets and ice arrows, they jumped onto the ice and took on the water elementals that made it through the flames.

Everyone assisted each other with great coordination, especially Ye Cang's ranged suppression. The flames didn't last as long as they did on land. Gradually, under the water elementals' charge, the flames became smaller. Light Strike Array's blaze struck at this time. Due to the terrain, its might was greatly reduced, but it still caused very considerable damage and stun. Lin Le took this opportunity to set the water surface ablaze again. 

SpyingBlade finished off quite a few with his flaming sword. He turned back and shouted, "The ice is breaking! Continue! Don't stop! Don't think about attacking, just focus on paving us a path!"

Wu Na quickly continued to create a path with ice magic. Wang simply had Tobira go onto the water and spam ice.

Fang Ci shot Shadow Arrows from his staff like a machine gun. He ordered his servants to help attack while also casting curses on newly arrived water elementals. He thought to himself, how high the water elementals' curse resistance was, that their effects were only so-so.

Little Ye Tian continuously healed the front line fighters. Brandishing her mithril staff, she casted a Holy Shield on everyone, then sighed. *It's still better to find one or two more trustworthy supports. Brother A'Xiong main duty is tanking. Although he can also serve as support and his Desperate Prayer is very useful, but he's inevitably inferior to a dedicated support.*

The water elementals started to emerge faster and faster. There were a few who circled around to the side. SpyingBlade looked at Lin Le and said, "Lele, have Little Reng go back and assist A'Xiong. Although A'Xiong can handle it but we must keep Pastor absolutely safe. If a water elemental manages to attack him..."

"Ok. Little Ren, you go help Brother Lil' Xiong!" Lin Le commanded. The tigerkin Little Ren charged back with his two flaming blades. Under SpyingBlade’s envious gaze, with a few mighty leaps, he returned within range of the boat. "Give Little Ren and A'Xiong an ice surface!"

Wu Na felt so busy. Seeing her mana continuously drain away after casting so much ice, she quickly sat down and began to drink spring water. "Wang, be more careful for a bit..."

Wang was also awfully busy but he could still manage. He couldn't help rejoicing that his water elemental not only had so much mana, its recovery speed was also impressive. It could still hold on a little longer. 

Zhang ZhengXiong jumped off the boat and stepped on the ice. Together with Little Ren, he prepared to take on the swarm of water elementals. He directly received the water bullets and ice arrows, completely covering Pastor.

At the back of the boat, with Ye Cang's assistance, the pressure on FrozenCloud was greatly alleviated. His ranged suppression was really too awesome. She turned back and said, "Team Leader, I can take it from here. Go help the front!"

Ye Cang turned and began to rapid fire in overload mode. Fire energy bullets began to pour into the sea of flames. Experience continuously came in. SpyingBlade sighed in satisfaction. Gaining experience like this felt too good. These water elementals that had come out due to the event were all elite grade, thus gave high experience!

Gradually, the rate at which the water elementals emerged declined. The surface of the lake started to regain its calm. The sea of flames stopped burning and the lake's surface was covered in water elemental corpses (bracelets). Everyone sighed. SpyingBlade frowned, "Don't let down your guard..."

"That's right..." Ye Cang examined the lake with his eagle eyes. The thunder fish appeared, swimming out from where Pastor had cast his bait. Just at that time, the lake began to boil even more violently than before and radiated a powerful spiritual force. SpyingBlade and the others who were nearby even noticed an enormous whirlpool. Everyone quickly stepped off the ice, which was getting sucked in, and began to quickly withdraw to the boat.

Being the closest, SpyingBlade felt himself getting sucked in but Ye Cang made a piercing whistle and Little Blue Feather, who was perched on the boat, suddenly flew over. SpyingBlade jumped; the ice under his feet disintegrated into the whirlpool and grabbed Little Blue Feather's claws.

Little Blue Feather began to speed up. It forcefully dragged SpyingBlade and glided back towards the ship. SpyingBlade leapt over a few pieces of ice and boarded. *So close. Luckily, we have a war falcon.* He smiled at Little Blue Feather, "Thanks..."

"Stupid! Stupid!" Little Blue Feather spoke like a parrot.

SpyingBlade broke out in cold sweat. *Just what is he teaching this bird all day?* Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw that on the shore, dancing and cheering was the lesser demon Weak Sauce. *Team Leader's pets are really...*

Everyone quickly looked at the whirlpool. Pastor was still as focused as ever on his fishing, he simply continued to stare at his bait. His calmness made SpyingBlade and the others gasp.

The whirlpool shot out an enormous jet of water. A nearly 16 meter large lump of water appeared. A pair of enormous bracelets emerged from the water and the lower half of its body was still connected to the lake.

Ye Cang squinted to identify it.

Lake Water Elemental Lord (Advanced Boss - Elemental - Abyss): An elemental boss that dwells in lakes. Its attacks are ordinary but once it's angry, it becomes extremely dangerous. It is good at water magic. Of no usable value. The water constituting its body is of decent quality, if it can be isolated.

The water elemental lord swung its fist, sending an enormous wave rushing towards everyone. Ye Cang quickly began to cast Tidal Wave. A smaller wave shot forth towards the bigger one, breaking up. The big wave split and passed by the two sides of the boat. The hull rocked a bit but there was no major problem.

"Make a path of ice! Lele, cover our weapons in fuel again!" SpyingBlade quickly threw out his weapon. Lin Le covered their weapons in fuel. Wang and Wu Na quickly cast at the water's surface. A few patches of ice appeared. Everyone jumped off onto the ice and rushed towards the water elemental.

"FrozenCloud, you and I will stay and guard Pastor." Ye Cang had FrozenCloud stay behind. He wasn't certain that he could handle it alone. Nana and Wang had practically no way to affect the water elemental.
