---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 457"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 457: Fishmen Shaman's Acknowledgement

"Lele! Hurry and loot! Or it will be too late!!" Zhang ZhengXiong roared as he saw Ye Cang rushing with big splashes over like a crazed swordfish. FrozenCloud felt that Team Leader's speed in the water was too damn terrifying. Any faster and he would practically be flying.

"Oh..." Lin Le finished praying and slowly reached towards it. Ye Cang's hand was only a rulers length away. Everyone felt their hearts rising to their throats. Would they make it!?

"Eh, why isn't there anything?" Ye Cang searched the bracelet and asked doubtfully. Everyone's heart sank. SpyingBlade floated on the water powerlessly, staring at the moonlight. *Such a beautiful moon. We fought for nothing again...*

FrozenCloud fell weakly to the ground, feeling like she was going to cry. *Once Nana revives and finds out, Team Leader is going to get lectured to death.*

"Brother Lil'White, we got four items. Three equipment and one skillbook." Lin Le's naive and innocent smile shines with the light of hope. Ye Cang looked at the items in Lin Le's hands and blinked. He then pounced over and bit down on his head, "Damn Lele! You dare steal from my divine hand while in my presence!?"

"Aaah, Owww, It huuuuurts! Brother Lil' White, it's not my fault! Brother Lil' Xiong told me to..." Lin Le said, avoiding responsibility. Ye Cang stopped gnawing on Lin Le's head and suddenly glared at Zhang ZhengXiong, then rushed over at full speed.

Zhang ZhengXiong immediately broke into cold sweat. He quickly swam towards the boat, but was still overtaken by Ye Cang and got bitten on the head. "This is for giving bad orders! And for the godly artifact!!"

"Bro, it was actually Lil' Dino's idea!!" While in pain, Zhang ZhengXiong quickly pushed the blame to FrozenCloud.

FrozenCloud's chest felt stuffy. *F\*\*k! You sure this guy is as kind hearted as a little girl!?* Seeing the incoming, angry Ye Cang, she gulped, then turned to run. Unable to compare with Ye Cang's speed, she was still caught in the end and had her head gnawed on for a long time. When Ye Cang felt his temper cool down, he jumped onto the boat and sighed, "You missed another chance to get a godly artifact..."

SpyingBlade and the others rolled their eyes. Luckily, Lin Le had protected the fruits of their victory.

Pastor had seen Ye Cang and the others' activity and looked confused. *Young people these days make no sense at all.* Putting away his flame thrower, he passed the fish basket to Ye Cang. "Take it. I can't use it anyways..."

Ye Cang took and identified it.

Thunder Fish (Super Rare - Fish): Dwells in lakes containing spiritual energy. Their bodies can produce electricity and their swim speed is extremely fast. Consuming will give a permanent +3% speed and a chance to learn a lightning element spell.

"Then thank you very much, Uncle Pastor." Ye Cang received it with a smile.

Little Ye Tian revived the three.

"Thank you for this time. Here is your reward." Pastor smiled.

"Congratulations, you've completed the hidden quest 'Protect Pastor - Thunder Fish' and received 4000 experience, a random dark gold grade class equipment, a specific epic talent (uses attributes, known skills, experience, and titles to generate the talent), and one skill point."

The class exclusive dark gold equipment and epic talent was enough to make everyone delighted, let alone the fact that there was also 4000 experience and a skillpoint.

"Our journey here has come to an end. I'll be leaving. Oh right, I'll gift this boat to you guys. I've ordered a bigger and better portable magic crystal powered steamer. Let's meet again if fate permits. Lele, you must also work hard." Pastor grasped and retrieved his dock and cabin. He patted Lin Le's head before turning to leave.

"I will! Goodbye Uncle Pastor!" Lin Le waved his hands. FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade thought to themselves that this boat would be very useful in the future. Since it was portable, they could put it away into the handcart at any time, or into their bag.

Everyone returned to the boat. Little Ye Tian began to fiddle with the steamer's kinetic system. Seeing that the core technology had been sealed tightly, she didn't dare open it up because she saw a copyright protection seal on it. If it was opened, it would become scrap. She unhappily chose to leave it alone.

Lin Le and everyone jumped off and began to clean up the water elemental corpses, receiving an abundant harvest of over 20 distinguished equipment, 2 water element skill books, over 130 water elemental hoops, a large amount of water element crystals, a pair of water elemental lord hoops, and a high grade water element crystal. They returned to the deck and began to sort and distribute.

Lin Le passed the boss drops to Ye Cang.

Ye Cang looked at the items. A dark gold magic ring, a gold water element magic robe, a dark gold dagger and the Source Water Shield skill. He looked at Wu Na and Wang, then passed the two Dark Gold mage equipment to Wu Na, "You two pick one each. They are both water element, decide amongst yourselves..."

Source Water Shield (Water Elemental Lord - Beginner Level): 
Create a shield of water around a target. Absorbs 65 damage and lasts for 10 minutes. While the shield of water exists, the target recovers 2 mana every 10 seconds. 
Cost: 30 mana. Cooldown: 10 minutes.

"Give the skill to Sister Nana, then have her cast it on me. It will give me both protection from damage and a very good mana regeneration effect." Hearing Little Ye Tian's proposal, Ye Cang directly gave it to Wu Na. As for the gold dagger, Ye Cang glanced at SpyingBlade. SpyingBlade shook his head, so it was directly thrown into the cart and given a price tag.

"What talent and class equipment did everyone get..." Ye Cang revealed his own talent and extended his hand to show his new ring.

Fishmen Shaman's Acknowledgement (Epic - Beginner Level): 
Water and Lightning magic effect increased by 25%. Intelligence increase by 10%. Will be treated courteously in any fishman tribe. Most aquatic races will not attack you. Plus, you can go to an approved agency to obtain a Shaman subclass.

PS: You are already friends with all fishmen...

Green Jade Ring (Dark Gold - Class)

Category: Ring

Requirements: Ranger

+12 All Attributes

+14 Spell Power

+10% Ranged Damage

+20 Armor Penetration

+5% Movement Speed

Everyone felt that the ring was alright but their attention was mostly on the talent. Fishmen Shaman's Acknowledgement. FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade were most concerned about that final line. Subclass... a class on-top of your current one. This was extremely rare...

"Bro, mine is... it's another f\*\*king aura talent. At least the equipment is alright. I can replace my bracelet." Zhang ZhengXiong showed his own Aura Control (+10% aura effects. Makes auras harder to suppress or dispel.)

Imitation Elune Prayer Beads (Dark Gold - Class - Imitation)

Category: Class Accessory

Requirements: Priest

+15 All Attributes

+10% Holy Effects

+10 Defence

Hand of Elune - Imitation: 
Melee attacks against spirits and demons will deal an additional 25% holy damage.

Elune's Prayer - Imitation: 
Activate to reduce damage taken by surrounding friendly targets by 30%. 
Lasts for 5 seconds. Cooldown: 3 hours.
