---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 459"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 459: Leave for the Swamp

Ye Cang checked the things inside the big chest. As expected of a chest costing 500 gold + 100 water elemental hoops. There were five pieces of Dark Gold equipment! Five skill books, and three 5th level crystals. Among the dark gold equipment was even an accessory. This was sufficient to make up for the 500 gold + 100 water elemental hoops. Those with accessories could be counted on one hand. The dark gold, high strength, warboots were given to Lin Le. The spellcaster's cape was given to Fang Ci, since Wu Na and Wang had already received something. Next was a pair of gloves with high strength and dexterity. Ye Cang looked at his own gold quality leather pair, then look at SpyingBlade, who was also wearing a gold quality pair. The two decisively chose to play a game of Rock Paper Scissors and the final victor was SpyingBlade.

Ye Cang turned away, somewhat displeased. *Beginners luck!*

SpyingBlade secretly thought to himself, *I learned a lot from last time's defeat!*

Ye Cang continued to distribute. Next was a pretty good necklace with constitution, strength and dexterity. A necklace was already uncommon. FrozenCloud applied for it, so Ye Cang directly gave it to her. As the second tank, she had to be decently equipped, to say nothing of her good performance up until now. She always did her best to complete her task. There was nothing to nitpick at.

Finally, it was the highlight of the show, the accessory.

Earth Spirit's Protection (Dark Gold - Rare)

Category: Accessory

Requirements: None

+40 Defence

+10% Defence

+40 Constitution

+8% Health

Reduces damage taken by 10%.

Reduces physical damage taken by 20.

SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, Wu Na, Wang and everyone all gasped. Such freakishly specialized attributes. 40 defence! Even another 10%! And another 40 constitution! Not only that, it even has an extra 8% health. Topping it all off was damage reduction.

SpyingBlade wiped his forehead. Although this accessory had no skill, but these attributes were too extreme. It was obviously a tank accessory. One didn't even have to think to know who it was going to. Although FrozenCloud could also use it, but Shaking Bear was the main tank, so had priority. Most importantly were those talents of his. Feel Your Pain and Strong and Tough Body. Both wisdom and strength would be increased by his constitution, so he simply had to brainlessly stack constitution and defence. Now, most players probably couldn't even deal a point of damage to him...

Zhang ZhengXiong took the brown rock accessory and felt like he had improved an entire grade, making him very satisfied.

Following that, Ye Cang arranged the five skill books for everyone to see.

2nd Stage Shoryuken, Revive, Rapid Charge Attack, 2nd Stage Rising Slash, 2nd Stage Rapid Dash.

"2nd Stage Shoryuken is Lil'Dino's. Little Tian has already learned revive, so A'Xiong, you learn it too. It always takes so long to revive everyone. Rapid Charge Attack, SpyingBlade, you want it? You're the one with the least movement skills, so it's yours. 2nd Stage Rising Slash will go to Lele. 2nd Stage Rapid Dash needs the prerequisite skill, which I happen to have, so it's mine. No problems right?" Ye Cang distributed them then inquired everyone. There were no objections.

Ye Cang took 2nd Stage Rapid Dash and learned it.

"Your Dashing Straight Thrust has been replaced. It has become a new created skill, please give it a name."

Ye Cang didn't think much before name it 2nd Stage Dashing Straight Thrust.

2nd Stage Dashing Straight Thrust (PaleSnow - Created): 
Activate to dash extremely quickly towards a target and deal 153% piercing damage. After hitting, within 5 seconds, it can be activated a second time to deal 164% piercing damage. The damage and speed are both affected by attributes. 
Cost: 25 energy. Cooldown: 30 seconds. 

"Father, how much experience until you reach level 20?" Little Ye Tian asked.

"Looks like 3%." Ye Cang replied.

"Then let's not go back yet. We'll first wait until father reaches level 20 to see what it's like." Little Ye Tian made everyone sink into thought. SpyingBlade thought that upon reaching level 20, the classes might branch again, but it might not...

"Let's go. We'll go check out the swamp..." Ye Cang hurried on without rest. Since they had already come and gone twice, and they also had Little Ye Tian's virtual map, they decided to take a shortcut. On the road, Ye Cang thought of something and returned to the lake. "We forgot to let Lele fish. I also forgot to gather the surrounding materials. Everyone take a break."

Lin Le got on the boat, covered himself with a blanket, placed his rod and tools nearby, then began to sleep-fish. SpyingBlade and the others didn't leave this time. Instead, they rested on the boat and watched him fish. A few hours passed, SpyingBlade and the others were already blushing with shame. Lin Le had fished up three chests and hundreds of fish. What kind of efficiency was this? But most importantly, the person himself didn't even know about it. As expected of the walking cheat. Only after a long time, when everyone was sure there were no more chests, did they wake Lin Le up and have him open them. Besides some gold bars, precious stones and pieces of art, there was a high damage spellbook - Chain Lightning.

After dealing with Ye Cang's dissatisfaction when he found out, everyone quickly gave him the Chain Lightning skill book to shut him up. What they didn't know was that Ye Cang had also found two chests while gathering. Upon opening them, he didn't find a thing. He then looked around, filled the chests with stones, and tossed them into the lake. Finally, he had looked at his hand and sighed, "So a normal chest cannot bear the power of my divine hand? Hah..."

Ye Cang learned Chain Lightning.

Chain Lightning (Uncommon - 4th Level Magic - Beginner):
Chant 3 verses (about 2 seconds) to fire lightning at a target, dealing 143 damage, and chaining to upto 8 targets. Every target reduces the damage by 10%. Has a chance to cause paralysis.
Cost: 30 mana. Cooldown: 3 minutes.

"Bro, how's your harvest?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked.

"Not bad, I found quite a few rare herbs and materials..." Ye Cang nodded, then checked Lin Le's catch. "Later, you'll have another chance to eat fine foods."

Everyone felt their scalps go numb.

In a safe spot outside the swamp.

Ye Cang hummed a little tune while boiling fish soup, slicing sashimi and even making sushi.

Everyone looked at Ye Cang's new trick and sighed. Besides his cooking, Team Leader really had a lot of tricks.

SpyingBlade watched Ye Cang make sushi. It was sprinkled with skeletal demon fragments, spirits residue and withered ashes. It had a layer of zombie fluid and a newly caught slice of blackfish on top of it. Finally, he even covered the fish meat in a layer of emerald green slime gel. Seeing that sticky green liquid, SpyingBlade covered his mouth.

Ye Cang continued to make sushi using various types of fish and various combinations of ingredients. Everyone looked at the various types of sticky liquid on the sushi. There was green, red, purple and even black. They couldn't help but shiver. Only when they smelled the delicious fragrance from Ye Cang's fish soup did they shake it off. Luckily there was a normal dish, because the soup was mainly composed of mushrooms and various types of fish... it was more ordinary despite there being quite a few poisonous mushrooms in it.
