---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 461"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 461: Toad Banquet

NalanPureSoul hung up the phone looking puzzled. He turned to NalanMoon and the others, "You all go back first. Brother Hero has some secret business..."

"Team Leader, that guy is definitely planning to scam more money! PureSoul, you have to be careful..." To NalanMoon, Ye Cang was simply a no-good scamming lowlife.

"I know..." NalanPureSoul said, then he left on his journey.

On Ye Cang's side, they were leveling around the instance dungeon. Since there were enough monsters and the drops were pretty good, everyone had no problem with it. After a few hours of hard work, Ye Cang's 3% remaining dropped to 1%. Everyone couldn't help sighing at how difficult it was becoming to level up, even in a monster hunting paradise like this.

"Your contracted companion, Weak Sauce, after a long period of coveting life, fearing death, and cheering from behind, has learned a new skill!"

Weak Sauce's Boost (Weak Sauce - Demon): 
While in a party, all member's health is increased by 7% and defence by 5%.

Everyone couldn't help but feel happy. That thing could finally be of some use. These effects were pretty good. Ye Cang thought so too. At the very least, something was better than nothing.

Ye Cang felt a bit tired. He brought everyone offline for a rest. They went out to sea to catch some wind. Meanwhile NalanPureSoul was rushing over as fast as he could...

NalanPureSoul arrived at the meeting place, waited for a while and saw everyone sign on one after the other.

"Well if it isn't Brother PureSoul. You've finally come. We've been waiting here for so long..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

"Brother Lil'White, the sea breeze felt so good. Today was a good day for sailing." Lin Le also logged on.

"Who said otherwise? After relaxing for an afternoon, I feel much better." Zhang ZhengXiong logged on with a grin.

NalanPureSoul looked at them with disdain. *Oh, so this is you waiting for so long... While I'm rushing over, you were out enjoying the sea breaze.*

Ye Cang saw that NalanPureSoul was looking down on him. His face didn't change as he apologized, "Sorry, I spoke wrong. We've been waiting for so long at sea..."

NalanPureSoul rolled his beautiful eyes, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Say it, what's the matter? Or do you want to sell something again?"

"Here's the thing. We've found an instance, but are missing some fire damage, so we’ll let you help out. Of course, we'll give you some preferential treatment when distributing loot..." Ye Cang continued to speak.

"Instance, hidden or open?" NalanPureSoul raised his brow.

"Open..." Ye Cang replied.

NalanPureSoul froze. It was actually an open instance! No wonder they were being so secretive. However, this was really something that should be kept under wraps. An open instance was a very important source of equipment. At the current stage, most people would be wearing green equipment. This was the first one found near Black Rock City, making it even more precious. If this got leaked, a large amount of players would flock over. Even with their influence, if it was found out that they were hiding an open instance, they would incur the players' wrath. *Wait, these guys definitely plan to publicly announce it after completing it! The facilities over by Anya will become a goldmine! Luckily, I have some investments around Anya's shrine. More importantly, this guy definitely wants to get the first clear announcement!* He privately messaged NalanMoon and the others to have them come over so they could prepare to farm a bit of equipment.

At the same time, Little Ye Tian was notifying ThornyRose so that she could fight to be one of the first few to farm the instance.

"I got it. Let's finish as soon as possible. Adding the Freedom Alliance's name to the world announcement shouldn't be a problem right?" NalanPureSoul smiled gracefully.

"No problem, no problem..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently. The two of them once again stared at each other for a long time.

"Hah, we'll go with Brother PaleSnow's suggestion then." NalanPureSoul sighed, his shapely eyebrows curved with his smile.

"As expected of my sword fighting..." 

Before Ye Cang could finish, NalanPureSoul's lovable voice shouted, "We didn't cross swords! DID NOT!!!"

"Such a shy guy. Ok, ok, everyone get ready." Ye Cang began to prepare his cooking.

The earlier sunshine, beach and wave in people's hearts was immediately replaced by biochemicals, purgatory and twitching. 

NalanPureSoul was even more sullen. He had rushed over, yet still had to eat that inhuman thing.

"I've combined the local ingredients together with my new enlightenment. Come everyone, feast your eyes on my new creation!!" Ye Cang announced. 

Everyone's hearts trembled. *We're screwed, it's another new recipe...*

Everyone watched as Ye Cang reached into the handcart and took out a three meter tall, complete, fungus toad corpse. Opening its mouth, he stuffed it with poisonous mushrooms, stink shrooms, and some zombie fluid. He then took a complete bagu bug corpse, hollowed out its mouth, and stuffed a kagu bee corpse and bone fragments inside. He 'seasoned' it with specter residue, then opened the kagu bee's mouth and stuffed some zombie fluid seasoned maggot flesh inside. Finally, all that was stuffed inside the fungus toad's enormous mouth. In order to cram it full, Ye Cang filled it with emerald slime gel.

Everyone gasped. They looked at the fungus toad's bulging stomach, the things in its mouth, as well as the green liquid overflowing from inside. The second menu item hadn't even started and everyone was already backing away. NalanPureSoul also felt the shivers. *This... this...*

Ye Cang broke the lumps on the fungus toad's back, causing pus to spill out. He smeared some lime slime gel on it and blended them together, then took out a grill. He tied the entire thing to a iron rod and put it on. He had Zhang ZhengXiong go up and turn the spit while it roasted.

NalanPureSoul looked like a flower that had lost its colors as he watched that blended liquid get absorbed back into the lumps and start to bulge like soup dumplings. It began to violently bubble out. Zhang ZhengXiong used one hand to cover his nose and eyes, not that he could open them...

Ye Cang laughed maniacally and began to make a more normal soup and rice dish. At least it was much more normal compared to this toad eat bagu, bagu eat kagu, kagu eat maggot, covered in soup dumpling thing; even if eating it would still knock them out.

"Team Leader is always bringing us along to challenge the limits of humanity..." FrozenCloud muttered in a strange tone because she was pinching her nose.

Beside her, everyone nodded with a scowl. Wu Na looked at the sky, her mind in chaos. How great would it be if her hand had trembled and she ended up somewhere else.

Lin Le's ahoge had become an exclamation mark. He looked beside him at the trembling Little Ren and patted its shoulder comfortingly. "Don't worry, you'll eat before me..."

Little Ren trembled even more violently.

In the end, Ye Cang received a message from the system.

"Congratulations, you've completed a set of high quality works! Please give it a name!" Ye Cang proudly gave it the name 'Lazy Toad Wants to Eat Bagu Kagu Maggots and Slime Soup Barbeque'!

Lazy Toad Wants to Eat Bagu Kagu Maggots and Slime Soup Barbeque: 
Eat to recover three health and one mana every second. Then obtain +20 all attributes, +12 attack, +10 defence, +50 poison resistance, +50 dark resistance, Restraint - Intermediate (decrease mana and energy consumption by 15%), Burst - Intermediate (physical attacks have a chance to deal 50% increased damage). 
PS: Extremely disgusting! Use with caution!
