---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 462"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 462: The Dark Cave**

Zhang ZhengXiong felt like he was on the verge of collapse. He picked up the iron spit and threw it onto the cloth in front of everyone, then quickly backed up tens of steps. "My god, that was too f\*\*king strong...."

Everyone all backed up a few steps. They looked at the indescribable blend of monsters in front of them. Because of the steam, it almost sounded like a mocking laugh was coming out of its mouth. Although they had to eat it, but they had absolutely no idea how and where to start. Just looking at the attributes, this was Ye Cang's finest creation, but at the same time it was also his worst... At least, up until now.

"I think you eat it like this..." Ye Cang cut off a soup dumpling like pimple, then a slab of toad meat, then some of the meat in its mouth, then he popped the pimple. The popped pimple wailed like an evil spirit. The green liquid emitted a purple smoke which clung to the food in his bowl. Seeing this, Ye Cang gulped, then turned and saw everyone's frightened expressions. "Um... you guys first..."

NalanPureSoul had lost all color. This was really... A drop of cold sweat dripped down from his forehead. As for Wang and the others, they were already drenched.

"Umm, as the Team Leader, you should act as our role-model..." FrozenCloud quickly said.

"You flatter me, but Brother PureSoul is the guest, so we should first entertain him..." Ye Cang suddenly appeared beside NalanPureSoul and handed the bowl over to him. NalanPureSoul reached out and blocked the incoming bowl, pushing it back. "The host hasn't even started, as a guest, how could I dare. Brother PaleSnow should go first..."

"No, no. Brother PureSoul, please..." Ye Cang pushed it back.

"I, your little brother, don’t dare. I, your little brother, don’t dare. PaleSnow, please..." NalanPureSoul’s delicate hand sent it back.

While the two of them pushed it back and forth, Lin Le turned and looked at Wang. He smiled and raised his hand, "Brother Lil'White! Wang said he will eat first!"

The two of them looked over, admiration clearly showing on their faces. They never would have thought the one with the most willpower would be the team's most vulgar guy. Even Wu Na and the others gained a whole new level of respect for him.

"Umm... I, I..." Wang wanted to quickly explain, but Zhang ZhengXiong grabbed him and Lin Le pried his mouth open, making it impossible for him to speak. Ye Cang slowly walked over, "Oh Wang, I never thought you were the wisest one..."

Everyone couldn't bear to watch the contents of the bowl get poured in. Wang's face started to convulse violently. His eyes were open so wide, they looked like they would pop out. Finally, he fell to the ground and grabbed onto Lin Le's leg, "Brother Le... I... hate... ugh."

His hand slackened. While in shock, he constantly twitched and foamed at the mouth.

"Umm, everyone get ready. I'll count 3, 2, 1 and we'll eat together. If someone doesn't eat, hehe..." Ye Cang prepared another bowl and laughed grimly. NalanPureSoul sighed. Eating was a must, since that additional resistance was just too important. Even on the way here, he could tell that this place was a paradise for poisonous creatures.

Little Ye Tian first force-fed the few pets, then everyone got a bowl and raised it.

"3, 2, 1! Chug!" Ye Cang trembled all over as he summoned up his courage to devour it. The rest of them all began to eat. They felt their liver and gut being cut to pieces, as the stink blew their minds away. In the end, all that was left were twitching, foaming 'corpses'.

Everyone gradually woke up. They looked at the ⅔ of the toad meal that still remained, and their disgusted expressions became even more fierce. They quickly rinsed their mouths with the soup to obtain its effects. Although the rice dish was disgusting, after undergoing the previous baptism, they could no longer be knocked out by it. They could, with difficulty, hold on.

To actually manage to withstand such a disgusting rice dish, they had to use nausea to defeat nausea. However, to be able to endure was better than completely passing out. Thinking ‘til there, everyone felt a bit grateful, but more than that, they felt sorrow...

"I should almost be at master level cooking. Once I'm a master, we should be able to get four food buffs at once and a set effect..." No one could bring themselves to be happy hearing Ye Cang's words. Instead, they felt a shiver down their spines, because it meant they had to endure four dishes at once. *God, just kill me.*

Ye Cang and Little Ye Tian once again cast Mark of the Wild and blessings on everyone. After recovering, they walked towards the dark cave.

Ye Cang and the others arrived at the entrance to the dark cave. NalanPureSoul memorized the area. *So it's here?* He followed everyone into the instance, a dark and damp cave. Further inside was an extremely wide underground swamp. It looked abnormally gloomy and was covered in every kind of fungus and swamp vegetation imaginable. Ye Cang's eagle eyes were somewhat restricted, but he could still make out creatures that weren't hidden; for example, the fungus toads and swamp crocodile, which were at least 50% bigger than the ones outside.

"There are two toads under the big mushroom to the left. On the right, in the pool, are some swamp monsters. Everyone be careful. They are much bigger than the ones outside." Ye Cang drew his two guns and inserted fire elemental crystals. Lin Le also took the three crystals off his armed drive and exchanged them with Ye Cang for three fire crystals, two of which were level 4.

Flame Strike: 
Instantly deal 75 fire damage to an area in front of you with a chance to knock-down, knockback, and stun.

Flame Blade (Toggle): 
Your weapon deals an additional 30-35 fire damage. Attacks consume the crystals' energy.

Lin Le activated Flame Blade, the heavy blade in his hand and his left gauntlet began to emit a fiery glow. It looked magnificent in the darkness. Although there was no visible fire, the red glowing blade was even more exceptional.

Ye Cang raised his guns and two flame bullets shot at the toads on the left, drawing them over from the distance. The swamp monsters on the right were also alerted and rushed over together.

"100 meters, 50 meters..." Ye Cang shot Enchanted Bullet - Explosive Bullet, Explosive Energy Bullet, and Multishot in succession, while announcing the distance. NalanPureSoul's hands began to glow with flames when ‘50 meters’ was announced. Lin Le figured that there were only a few monsters, so decided to wait until they were closer to throw the two molotovs in his hands.

"25 meters!" Ye Cang shouted. Lin Le immediately tossed, covering the incoming toads and swamp monsters in flames. NalanPureSoul threw out Hellfire Hoop, striking the monsters in the sea of flames. Grasping with his hand, the sea of flames and the hellfire hoop both exploded, creating a scene filled with violent flames. With the light of the flames, Ye Cang noticed a tunnel past a wide and dark pond, and mentally noted it down.

The monsters that charged over were intercepted by Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud. Following closely were Lin Le and the other melee combatants, who split up to fight. Wu Na and Wang always sighed at how ordinary they were, especially after seeing those flames and the melee fight that they could barely follow. They had no idea what skills to use, so it would be better to save their mana and see if there was anything they could help with later.

Fang Ci and Little Ye Tian remained calm; one replenishing health, and the other casting curses and other negative effects.
