---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 463"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 463: Googoo**

NalanPureSoul's firepower was increased by the molotov's flames, one attack becoming many. SpyingBlade thought to himself, as expected of the only spellcaster among the four heavenly kings. His spell combinations, timing, and understanding of spellcasting were all exceptional, especially his intuition.

NalanPureSoul glanced at Ye Cang and saw him continuously shooting his two guns, then saw him begin to cast a fire spell. The more they worked together, the more confusing his class became. If one didn't know he was a ranger...

After clearing them up, looting and gathering the corpses, Ye Cang led everyone deeper through the dark tunnel. The earlier fight had already alerted the creatures further inside, so toads and swamp monsters continuously attacked them. The good thing was that there were never more than ten creatures at once. They very quickly cleared their way in and arrived at the depths. Ye Cang gathered rare mosses, fungi and herbs as he pleased. These were common in this type of topography.

Ye Cang saw a cliff nearby with natural ledges for climbing. It probably led to a very wide stage which was seemingly connected to the cave over there by a bridge. For safety purposes, he had Little Blue Feather fly up and activated his Eagle Eyes. On the stone stage, a pair of huge yellow eyes opened. An enormous fungus toad! Ye Cang's heart trembled because he could sense it. It was waiting there in ambush! It's coming!

"Everyone disperse! Get away from here! Tactics! Pursuit!!" Ye Cang cancelled Eagle Eyes and shouted. He quickly leapt back a few steps. Everyone, receiving Ye Cang's warning, ran for their lives. The slower ones even activated Rapid Pursuit's ability - Charge.

An enormous silhouette fell from the sky. The swamp's water and mud splashed and the floor unceasingly shook. An over ten meter tall toad silhouette with yellow glowing eyes, looked especially striking in the darkness.

Mutated Fungus Toad - Googoo (Intermediate Boss - Abyss): A mutated Fungus Toad that enjoys dark bodies of water, typically underground. Extremely powerful jumping ability. 

"Lele, light it up with molotovs!" SpyingBlade shouted. Lin Le quickly threw out 4-5 molotovs. They were originally going to hit its body, but they were knocked out of the air. Although its webbed hand was covered in flames, they didn't seem to hinder it much. With the help of the fire, everyone could now see it clearly. A gray body and sturdy hind legs. Ye Cang thought that it was the perfect size. If they killed it, then he could make the boss level version of Lazy Toad Wants to Eat Bagu Kagu Maggots and Slime Soup Barbeque!

Zhang ZhengXiong charged with a furious shout. With the added speed from Tactics: Rapid Pursuit, he easily dodged the lashing tongue with a spin which flowed into a heavy axe to its face, causing a splatter of green blood. FrozenCloud also ran over in a few strides, then leapt into a Wyvern Kick! SpyingBlade, Lin Le, and Little Ren began to wander around the flames, searching for an opportunity. Weak Sauce was standing about a hundred meters away. Together with his buddy, Little Blue Feather, they danced and cheered.

Lin Le found his chance and threw molotovs directly onto its body. From the side, he activated his crazy combo! His fiery, enormous blade performed a Sword Drawing Art! Stage 2 Rising Slash! Whirlwind Strike! Armed Destruction! SpyingBlade brandished his weapons on the other side. Little Ren jumped directly on its back and hacked away. Blood fell like rain. However, Lin Le was stepped on by the suddenly arriving hind leg which sent him flying for nearly ten meters, before rolling on the ground. He desperately stopped himself and got up, then pouted furiously, taking out his handcart. "Stupid Toad! Die!"

SpyingBlade kicked off with one foot and flipped away, thrillingly dodging past a fatal kick, then continued his violent flurry of attacks.

NalanPureSoul watched the savage melee while launching his fire skills. He didn't dare to use area attacks, since accidental friendly fire wouldn't be worth it. Wu Na and Wang shot out ice type spells, dealing very normal amounts of damage.

Ye Cang's balista's Meteor Shot arrived in the next instant. What astonished everyone was that the big toad actually deflected the meteor shot by lashing out with its tongue, making it drill fruitlessly into the ground.

Ye Cang recalled that even flying insects would be caught by those keen senses and agile tongue. This creature's habits gave it exceptional intuition and reaction time against flying objects.

After dodging past the Meteor Shot bolt, Googoo immediately began to swell up. Then green liquid shot out, falling like rain. SpyingBlade gasped. Even with such high poison resistance, his health was still draining away like drinking a cup of water! How dreadful would it be without resistance!? The approaching Lin Le quickly retreated, but was still covered in poison. Zhang ZhengXiong hurried to activate Desperate Prayer to pull the melee fighters' health back up and continue to replenish it. Little Ye Tian quickly used her Healing Chain, her light element area healing spells and even directed her Light Pearls to continuously heal the melee fighters, keeping their health in the safe zone. Wu Na added a Source Water Shield to Little Ye Tian, protecting her and also providing her more mana regeneration. Most importantly, it was a long buff.

The green glow of nature energy floated around Ye Cang's hand. It even carried with it, a hint of flowery fragrance. With a wave of his hand, he cast Flowers in the Wind towards the melee fighters...

A puff of pure, green wind blew by. The green liquid on everyone was blown away and it also gave them a considerable amount of health regeneration. NalanPureSoul looked at Ye Cang. He actually knew a damage over time removal skill that also heals! It was a nature type skill, so it must be related to the three goddess association. As expected of the president of the goddess association, how could he not have some added benefits.

With the removal of the poisoned state, Googoo became furious. It crouched, then shot up like a rocket, rapidly moving towards Ye Cang. At the peak of its jump, the tigerkin Little Ren leapt up and grabbed hold of a stalactite, then leaping from rock to rock, he safely landed on the ground. Seeing this, SpyingBlade exclaimed in admiration. How great would it be if he could have such jumping power...

Standing on an enormous mushroom, Ye Cang immediately broke out in cold sweat and pulled out his pike. He dodged aside with a Dashing Straight Thrust. The mushroom behind him was immediately crushed. While the ground was shaking, he activated Shadow Frost Strike and rushed back with his second dash, stabbing at what he suspected was its butt. The shadow frost blossomed. While the toad was unbalanced after landing on the ground, his attack triggered both armor reduction and stun. Then Fire Lotus activated, creating blooming lotuses. Finally a Precise Strike + Straight Thrust hit, dealing a large amount of damage. After the continuous attacks, he jumped back and tossed the pike back into his shadow. Taking out his two guns, he attacked while retreating. Seeing NalanPureSoul's signal, he began to cast Light Strike Array.

NalanPureSoul smiled gracefully. *If it's alone, then I won't hold back.* Rings of hellfire were thrown out, the blaze from light strike array also rushed out, then he reached out and grasped. The sound of a violent explosion along with a mournful wail resounded. While the flames burned, Zhang ZhengXiong rushed over with a Fearless Charge. Super Speed activated and he directly smashed it into a wall. Lin Le's Handcart Charge was next, followed by a Handcart Homerun which smashed it back into the sea of flames.

Ye Cang raised his brows. It would be bad to give it another chance to jump! Looking at its hind legs, he grabbed his pike and pinned its foot to the ground. He then drew his guns once again and began to shoot. Zhang ZhengXiong charged into the fire once more, enduring the damage and launching a Holy Judgement.

"Congratulations, you've slain Mutated Fungus Toad - Googoo. Received 3800 experience."
