---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 464"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 464: Little XXX and Stinkin' Toad

The moment the system announced the killing blow, a rapid figure passed through the flames. NalanPureSoul cried out in alarm, "Careful! He's coming!!"

In the fire, Zhang ZhengXiong quickly pounced, tackling Ye Cang and holding him tightly. He felt cold sweat drenching his back. Luckily he had been near the corpse of the boss, otherwise... they would have fought mostly for nothing. Lin Le jogged over, through the fight and looted the boss. Everyone sighed in relief.

Lin Le turned back and saw Ye Cang reaching out of the fire like a spirit from hell, then spoke while shivering, "Brother Lil'White, we got 2 dark gold equipment and a skillbook..."

Now that it was time to divide the loot, Ye Cang looked at everyone and sighed, "Really, let me loot the next boss. My divine hand is trembling..."

Everyone all shook their heads.

"Mortals. Hah, let's divide these then. Dark gold mage's light armor, but it's nature element. Who wants it?" Ye Cang inquired.

NalanPureSoul sighed. He decided to save his privilege until there was something good for himself. Though this light armor was pretty good even without the nature element bonuses, but it was still nature element equipment after all.

Ye Cang saw that no one wanted it, so he shrugged and threw it into the cart with an unknown price sticker. "The second is a high dexterity belt. SpyingBlade, what do you think?"

"You don't want it?" SpyingBlade asked back.

"Mine is a gold quality metal belt, so its defence is higher. Although the new one is a bit better, but this one matches my outfit." Ye Cang replied like so. 

SpyingBlade sighed and equipped the belt. *Speaking so much nonsense, just to show off in the end.*

"Finally, it’s the skillbook. Let's see, Googoo's Leap Attack." Ye Cang posted the skillbook into chat.

Googoo's Leap Attack (Googoo - Super Uncommon): 
Channel for 1 second, then quickly jump a set distance and height (depending on strength, constitution and dexterity). Fall towards your target to deal a large amount of crushing damage (depends on damage, constitution and strength), and have a chance to stun or knock down. 
Cost: 25 rage. Cooldown: 3 minutes.

If this skill didn't go to Shaking Bear, then it would be Lin Le's. Everyone was of the same mind. Ye Cang passed the skillbook to Lin Le, but Lin Le gave it to Zhang ZhengXiong. Zhang ZhengXiong shook his head, but Lin Le still smiled and said, "Lele has a jumping skill. Brother Lil'Xiong doesn't have one yet..."

NalanPuresoul froze. *Such a good skill and they are both trying to pass it up.*

Zhang ZhengXiong faintly smiled and learned it. He looked at his accessory slots. *I currently have two accessories, and my equipment is probably the best in the group, excluding bro's abnormal resurrection ring. I'll pass the next item to Lele, he still needs to arm up. It can't always be him passing to me!* 

However, Lin Le's equipment was also among the best in the team. Two dark gold weapons and a body full of mostly dark gold armor, with the worst being gold. He wasn't lacking much compared to Zhang ZhengXiong. His only shortcoming was his lack of accessories.

After dividing the loot, Ye Cang excitedly put the entire corpse onto the cart. Seeing this, everyone began to lose themselves in thought. *It's probably...* They all shook their heads and denied it. *I'm just overthinking it. There's no way. No way.* But Ye Cang's excitement was like a cold wind penetrating their hearts. NalanPureSoul laughed bitterly, wondering if it was really a good idea to come...

After recovering their mana, everyone continued upwards. On the stone stage, there was a mushroom with a clear egg lying in the swamp under it. Ye Cang saw it, hesitated for a moment, identified it and shouted, "Rare ingredient! Stew!!"

FrozenCloud and the others quickly stopped him, "Team Leader, that's a pet egg! You should tame it if you can! Most of us still don't have a pet yet!!"

"Says who! Let's just eat it!" Ye Cang struggled and retorted.

Finally, under everyone's convincing, Ye Cang used his taming skill on the pet egg. NalanPureSoul raised his brows. It turns out that Ye Cang was the one who could tame, what a pleasant surprise. He brought up a request, "Brother PaleSnow, I also have something that requires breeding and taming. I hope you can help..."

"200 gold, fixed price. Gold only. Thanks for your patronage..." Little Ye Tian instantly appeared in front of NalanPureSoul and said with her hand outstretched.

"......" NalanPureSoul looked at Little Ye Tian. *Really cast from the same mold, as expected of siblings. Even their scamming expressions are so alike. It makes one want to just pinch her cheeks and tear them off.*

The moment Ye Cang heard of money, he immediately tidied up his wolf-head hood and his somewhat messy hair. Moving his hood to his shoulder, he patted Little Blue Feather's feathers. "Brother PureSoul, as someone who loves animals, a gorgeous pet is waiting for you. Right Little Blue Feather...?"

"No eat! No eat! I die! I die!" Little Blue Feather replied. Ye Cang struck with a chop, leaving behind a burst of feathers and a 'Ga' like bird sound.

NalanPureSoul looked speechlessly at Little Blue Feather, who had fallen onto the ground looking wronged. *That egg just now, the first thing you think of is to eat it. The pets in your party must have jumped out of your pot where dangers are everywhere.* However, thinking about the pet, he could only grind his teeth, "Alright! I'll pay half first..."

"That's fine. Thanks for your patronage..." Little Ye Tian shrugged, accepting 100 gold along with a red egg. She passed it to Ye Cang together with the toad egg.

Since NalanPureSoul, who didn't know the details, was around, Ye Cang shouted, "Altar!"

SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, and Wu Na facepalmed. He was about to start showing off again. He piled up the surrounding vegetation into an elaborate pattern, then he placed the eggs in the middle and began executing the nine word incantation<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>, "Ling! Bing! Dou! Zhe! Jie! Zhen! Si! Zai! Qian..."

NalanPureSoul watched expressionlessly. *Taming a pet needs something as complicated as the nine word incantation? Something so eastern styled, you can't be serious... I wasn't born yesterday.*

With the effects of Ye Cang's taming skill, the eggs gradually cracked; a fiery red chick and a green tadpole were born; immediately being given the name Little Cock and Emergency Ration the Second.

NalanPureSoul took his pet, saw its name, and his chest immediately tightened. When he discovered that there was no way to change it, he felt blood rising up his throat. He glared at Ye Cang, his body trembling, "This name..."

"No need to thank me. Take good care of it. Such a cute little chicken..." Ye Cang said, smiling kindly towards the little creature.

"It's a phoenix..." NalanPureSoul said.

"Nani? Kinishinai..." Ye Cang shrugged. He then looked at everyone while holding the extremely dejected tadpole and said, "Who wants it?"

"I..." Zhang ZhengXiong didn't even get to finish speaking before it was forcefully given to him by Ye Cang.

Zhang ZhengXiong saw that the system had paired him with the tadpole in his hand and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He actually wanted to say, 'I don't want it. Definitely, don't give it to me. I want a dashing pet to pick up girls...' "Bro, can you..."

"As expected of my little brother, you have good taste. You don't have to say it. Even when you were small, you've liked to catch tadpoles. You always used to talk to them. Thank me..." Ye Cang patted Zhang ZhengXiong's shoulder and said.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked like he had eaten a lemon. Understanding Ye Cang, he knew if he continued speaking, he'd definitely get in trouble... *Sigh*. 

SpyingBlade imagined a paladin, or more accurately a war priest, riding a toad. Such an exotic scene. 

NalanPureSoul was still hung up over his pet’s name. He looked at Ye Cang's back and sighed. He blocked the name. It would be fine as long as no one found out.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: https://gss2.bdstatic.com/-fo3dSag_xI4khGkpoWK1HF6hhy/baike/c0%3Dbaike150%2C5%2C5%2C150%2C50/sign=90d34fcca66eddc432eabca958b2dd98/0b55b319ebc4b745dd8ed63fc4fc1e178a821584.jpg