---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 465"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 465: Giant Marsh Crocodile**

Ye Cang and the others crossed the mossy stone bridge and arrived at the cave on the other side. Inside, there were marsh shrubs everywhere. The tunnel gradually became more and more spacious. On the left, they saw a path going up along the wall, while in front, the tunnel continued to expand.

"Let's go up on the left first. We can look down from there too. It's too dangerous to just go straight in." NalanPureSoul proposed.

Ye Cang brought everyone to the cliffside path. It lead to a steep precipice covered in shrubs.

Ye Cang saw a red bush ahead of them. Even its branches were a fiery red. It had fruits that looked like they were boiling inside. He identified it.

Flame Berries (Super Rare - Ingredient): An uncommon ingredient with extremely harsh growth conditions. Consume to gain a permanent +1 to all attributes, +10 fire resistance and a chance to learn a fire spell. 

Ye Cang directly took the entire plant. Then he pushed aside some shrubs to have a look down the cliff. In the darkness, the first thing he noticed was a marshy pool. It was at least a hundred meters across. All around the pool were giant marsh crocodiles, but Ye Cang cared more about that pool of water. There was clearly something in there. He turned his head and saw Zhang ZhengXiong mining the exposed ores. Their luck was pretty good, getting a bunch of mithril. 

Ye Cang reported the situation at the bottom in detail. Everyone pondered over it. If they were to disturb that sort of area, practically all the crocodiles would be roused. There would inevitably be a group battle, but this quantity would be troublesome. It would be alright if they could divide them. The crocodiles had thick and hard skin; they are still vulnerable to fire, but not as much as the toads.

Zhang ZhengXiong was indifferent about it. However, many came, they will all be  killed. If worse comes to worst, they could just escape. He turned and saw Weak Sauce training his tadpole and the little phoenix to dance and cheer; it even had a serious look as it led its cheering squad.

"It would be better if I pull. First, we'll block the path with molotovs. Once they get through the fire, follow up with acid and glue flasks. We should be able to deal with it ike that." Ye Cang looked to Lin Le who nodded.

Little Ye Tian added, "Let's go down. Although we have the height advantage here, if they manage to break through and the boss comes as well, we'll have no room to retreat..."

NalanPureSoul also thought the same. He wanted to mention it, but heard Little Ye Tian say it first. As expected of the child prodigy who could counter MistyVeil. He followed everyone back to the tunnel.

Ye Cang made his way over. While walking, he didn't forget to snatch the fruits and herbs from all the plants. Watching him made everyone feel ashamed. He kept an eye out for any activity with Eagle Eye and slowly approached. Instantly locking onto 20 targets, he activated Anya's Berserk Shot. The hail of bullets attracted every crocodile in range. While they were still looking around curiously, his Explosive Shot hit right in the middle of the pool, creating a splash of water. After the splash, a nearly 16 meter long crocodile charged out. 

Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat, then immediately shouted, "The crocodiles and the crocodile boss are all coming!! Everyone be careful!!"

NalanPureSoul's chest tightened. *Such a terrible pull, but it's not unwinnable! These guys should have many trumps!*

The moment Ye Cang returned, Lin Le threw molotovs to the ground, and after the sea of fire, he threw the speed reducing glue vials. He held the acid vials back, ready to use at any time.

"Lele, A'Xiong. If the boss charges over later, everyone help them create an opportunity to push the boss back..." Ye Cang said as he began to shoot rapidly in overload mode. His two guns rained fire bullets down on the enemy. Zhang ZhengXiong lowered his body, ready to tank the boss at any time and give Lin Le an opening; then the two of them could work together and buy time to let everyone else get rid of the small ones.

Lin Le directly summoned his handcart while holding onto his acid flasks.

NalanPureSoul prepared to match them with a rain of fire. Ye Cang's fire bullets inflicted heavy damage on the swamp crocodiles engulfed in the fire. The ground trembled as it approached closer. Everyone had prepared themselves. When they saw the enormous crocodile boss leap out of the fire, Zhang ZhengXiong activated his Fearless Charge, but he didn't trigger Super Speed this time. Though the ramming power was not as great, it was still enough to slow it down for a moment. With the help of the sticky glue, Zhang ZhengXiong was only knocked back a small distance. Lin Le charged with his cart and smashed it into the side of its face, stunning it. Without stopping, he crushed a gold coin, activated his strengthening abilities and fiercely smashed a Handcart Homerun into its raised jaw, directly sending it flying back into the sea of fire. Then together with Zhang ZhengXiong, he waded through his own sticky and disgusting glue, back to the others.

Ye Cang saw that it was about time. He began his casting of Light Strike Array. A flaming light instantly shot out of the stone floor like a stalagmite, illuminating the area. The moment the Light Strike Array mixed with the sea of fire, NalanPureSoul grasped the air with his hand. A violent explosion caused everyone to shake along with the tunnel.

NalanPureSoul couldn't help but sigh. Their combination of molotov, large area fire magic, and his Conflagrate was truly mighty, many times greater than on their own.

Wang and Wu Na had been thinking about it for a while now, but their magic couldn't even compare. It wasn't even on the same level. Looking at the big bang in front of them, they felt weak. This was the strongest in China, the heavenly kings? Such freaks.

Against the crowd of heavily injured crocodiles that managed to make it out, Ye Cang took a few steps then pointed, "Assenroche's Finger!"

A violent arcane attack blasted them back into the fire once again.

"Lele, get on the ramp. Block off their escape with glue flasks and molotovs! Just incase they try to run!" Little Ye Tian said, observing every movement on the battlefield. 

As Lin Le passed by her, he knocked her on the head with his fist, "I said call me Brother Le!"

"Eh, Brother Le..." Little Ye Tian said while pouting, but her heart was shouting out, *Damn Lele! Smelly Lele! Always picking on me!*

Lin Le quickly leapt onto a ramp. Running up to a higher point, he saw that the crocodiles in the sea of fire really were trying to escape. He threw out molotovs like a madman, increasing the area of fire, then threw glue flasks on their path of retreat. Ye Cang took a few strides, then leapt into the air. In mid air, he disappeared, shadow stepping to Lin Le's shadow that was created by the fire. Locking onto the boss in the sea of fire, he took out his ballista, summoned his shadow weapon - heavy crossbow, and readied the queen and king bee bolts. "Lele, hit it with an acid flask...

"Okies, brother Lil' White!" Lin Le tossed out two acid flasks onto the crocodile boss's armored back. The acid's green smoke mixed with the black smoke of the fire. The boss wanted to try and break through again, and tear apart the enemies beyond the fire. Just as it was about to try and leap out, a Meteor Shot and heavy crossbow sent two bolts piercing through its weakened armor and nailing it to the glue area.

"Lele, Little Ren and I will go block off their retreat. Just leave this area to A'Xiong and the others..." Ye Cang put away his ballista and called Little Blue Feather, "Lele, you go down first!"

Lin Le grabbed onto Little Blue Feather's claw and glided down to the rear. The tigerkin Little Ren rushed after him. It issued an astonishing roar, buffing everyone with its battlecry. Jumping along the grooves along the cliff, it reached Lin Le's side in just a few leaps.
