---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 466"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 466: Three Headed Sea Monster

Ye Cang drew his shadow pike and jumped, turning into three shadows that dashed in midair towards Lin Le. However, the distance was a bit too far. He began to fall once the skill duration ended. He then activated flame lotus. Like a swooping swallow, his pike stabbed down into the back of a crocodile, creating a blooming fire lotus. Then with a twist and a pull, he used the opposing force to once again send himself upwards. Using his pike like a pole-vault, he moved through the escaping crocodiles, leaving fire lotuses in his wake. He used his inertia to gracefully pull the pike back and landed on the tigerkin Little Ren's shoulders, posing like a gymnast after his routine.

NalanPureSoul and FrozenCloud had seen the scene of Ye Cang flying across the flames. *What kind of movements are those...*

Flanking them on both sides, the group very quickly cleared away the crocodiles. Even the boss was firmly restrained by Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud. From beginning to end, it never got past the glue and died a gloomy death on the sticky liquid. Ye Cang quickly vaulted into the sea of fire! Lin Le jumped onto Little Ren's back. With a few leaps, Little Ren passed by Ye Cang and arrived at the boss's corpse. Lin Le got down and looted it.

"Damn Little Ren! Even you are against me!" A furious shout came out from the flames.

The tigerkin Little Ren gulped, its expression both confused and afraid.

"Don't be scared, everyone will protect you..." Wu Na said.

"Yeah, don't worry." FrozenCloud also consoled it.

When Lin Le finished looting, a shadowy figure flew out of the fire. He looked at the corpse, then instantly pounced at the tigerkin Little Ren's tiger head. He bit down right on top of its head. "Teach you to help steal my corpse. You ingrate! Aaahhh!!"

Little Ren covered its head and wailed for forgiveness. It looked towards its teammates who had said that they would help, but only saw their backs. They had gathered around Lele to look at something. *They never had any intention of helping!* Wu Na peeked at the figure of Ye Cang as he ferociously gnawed on Little Ren's head and a shiver travelled down her spine. She said to Little Ye Tian, "You go soothe him."

Little Ye Tian shook her head fiercely. "Father still remembers the time with the gift box... If I go, there is a 50% chance that I'll have my head bitten... I don't want to go. Nana, you go. I've calculated, you're the safest, around 20%..."

*20%? It's still pretty high. It's better not to go.* She decisively ignored Little Ren and looked at the equipment dropped by the crocodile boss.

A good while later.

Little Ren hugged its head as it looked fearfully at Ye Cang, holding a bitter grudge towards Wu Na and FrozenCloud who had said they would protect him. The two women could only give him an embarrassed glance.

Ye Cang began to divide the loot, "One dark gold crocodile leather breastplate. This breastplate is pretty good. Its defence is even higher than metal armor and it's much lighter. There is also a dark gold magic necklace, as well as a skill book - Giant Crocodile Tail Sweep; it seems to be a martial type skill."

"That necklace, I want it." NalanPureSoul said without hesitation, because it was a very high quality necklace. It not only had high Spell Power and Intelligence, it even came with a damage prevention skill.

Ye Cang directly gave it to him and said, "You've used up your pick, next time you'll have to roll or bid."

"I know..." NalanPureSoul nodded. Though Wang and Wu Na also had eyes on the necklace, they didn't say anything given NalanPureSouls damage output and usefulness. One person had dealt half a team's worth of damage.

"Breastplate? Who wants?" Ye Cang had some desire for it. His was still gold and hadn't been changed for a long time.

Ye Cang saw that no one wanted it. Not even SpyingBlade needed it, so he directly equipped the white crocodile leather breastplate. It matched very well with the tiger-skin coat and wolf-head hood. Satisfied, he began to distribute the skill book. 

Giant Crocodile Tail Sweep (Giant Crocodile Carlokai - Beginner Level): 
Instantly employ your body's strength to launch a fierce revolving kick, dealing 255% damage to the target. Can cause stun, knockdown and knockback.
Cost: 20 rage, 15 energy. Cooldown: 2 minutes.

Though Ye Cang knew it would go to FrozenCloud, he still asked before giving it to her.

FrozenCloud took it and learned it. A grappler could never have enough control skills, let alone one with such high damage.

With distribution completed, Ye Cang began to clean up the battlefield, harvesting all the crocodile bodies. Arriving at the pool of water, he harvested the shrubs and fruits. Lin Le sat against a stone and began to fish. As for everyone else, they ate some non-lethal food and drank some magic springwater. NalanPureSoul saw Lin Le fish up a treasure chest as well as tens of uncommon fish and sighed. This team was really squeezing this instance dry.

The sleeping Lin Le sensed something and pulled, stronger and stronger, then extremely strongly. He was practically on the verge of falling in when he woke up with a pout and pulled with all his strength. However, he was still getting dragged towards the water. "Brother Lil' Xiong. There's a big fish! Come help! Lele is going overboard!"

Zhang ZhengXiong wiped his hands and went over to help grab to rod, but it became harder and harder. The two of them were still sliding towards the water. Ye Cang sighed, "Isn't it just a fish. Two grown men can’t even pull up one fish..."

"No! Bro! This thing is really strong!" Zhang ZhengXiong explained.

Lin Le also nodded, "Brother Lil' White, hurry and help!"

Without a choice, Ye Cang walked over and grabbed onto the rod with them, but the opposing force continued to grow. The three of them were pulling till their veins were popping out, yet were still sliding forwards. SpyingBlade sensed something wrong and called everyone to help out. It turned into a big tug-of-war. With a final big tug, a dragon-like creature with a lizard body and three snake heads came out with a terrifying roar.

Ye Cang identified it from behind the splash of water.

Three Headed Sea Monster (Advanced Boss - Abyss - Uncommon): A descendant of the nine-headed Hydra. Impure bloodline; estimated to be the result of interbreeding with some other creature. However, it is still an extremely aggressive monster. Good at water and poison magic. Its heart and eyes are extremely precious ingredients.

"Drag it out of the water! Get it to the shore and kill it! Otherwise if it submerges, we stand no chance!" NalanPureSoul cried out alarmed and also excited. This is a secret boss! A specially triggered secret boss! This sort of boss has typically very good drops; it was a secret boss after all.

Everyone used this chance as they had already overpowered the three headed sea monster, to drag it ashore. Lin Le leapt to its butt and summoned his handcart for a Handcart Charge, boosting it along. Then a Handcart Homerun smacked it flying about ten meters further. Zhang ZhengXiong continued with a Fearless Charge, triggering Super Speed. He instantly crashed into it, sending it flying even further, into the sticky liquid left over from before.
