---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 467"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 467: Breakthrough to Level 20**

Ye Cang drew his guns and began to shoot. Lin Le directly threw molotovs, burning it. The ranged players all began to attack, while the melee players made their way over.

The flaming three headed monster’s eyes flashed blue and its three heads all opened their mouths, shooting high-pressured blasts of water. Zhang ZhengXiong had just charged up, only to be blasted by the water into the pool. Ye Cang shadow-stepped to NalanPureSoul, dodging an attack. The moment he avoided it, he took out his ballista. "Brother PureSoul, help me to make an opening..."

NalanPureSoul narrowed his eyes. That ballista's might and penetrative power were truly powerful. He threw out a hellfire ring while simultaneously summoning a rain of fire. Then, along with the molotovs, he grasped the air. The boss’ water-blasting body trembled under the might of the explosion and stopped. Ye Cang's Meteor Shot and Shadow Weapon - Heavy Crossbow shot out. The queen and king bee bolt each hit a head. An anguished wail echoed throughout the cavern. But that wasn't all. Ye Cang put the ballista on his back, drew his shadow pike, then with a mighty step, he threw it, pinning the final head on the stone floor.

Lin Le seized this chance to quickly leap over. Sword Drawing Arts! He soared over, attempting to behead it with Execute! As it had three heads, Execute dealt three times the damage. Blood spurt out of its throats like a fountain, though the blood was green. It quickly covered FrozenCloud and the others. Having just crawled out of the pool and charged back with Leap Attack, Zhang ZhengXiong chopped into its chest. Blood splattered once more. Poisonous green blood now covered the area around it. Zhang ZhengXiong saw that his health was falling by 20 points every second. This was even factoring his high poison resistance! A cool breeze immediately blew the poisoned blood off of everyone, turning the poison effect into the Flowers In The Wind healing effect.

NalanPureSoul turned back and looked at the flowery fragrance coming from Ye Cang's extended hand. A really good skill.

Ye Cang reached back and retrieved his ballista, beginning to quickly reload it. Once reloaded, he returned it to his back, then reached out and recalled his nearly extracted pike and charged at the boss to assist the offensive. A violent wave suddenly blasted out in a ring around the boss, knocking everyone back once more. But in that instant, Zhang ZhengXiong had activated Desperate Prayer! Everyone's life was pulled up to a safe amount. The ranged players all found stalagmites to hide behind. Immediately after the wave passed, Little Ye Tian began to replenish everyone's health, even activating her scepter’s mass healing ability. She saw that the boss had freed itself of any movement restricting effects and was charging towards the pool. "Don't let it get in the water!"

Wu Na cast an Ice Spear and Chilling Wind, attempting to slow it down, but couldn't even delay it for a second. Wang quickly cancelled his water elemental summon and called out the earth elemental stone man to block. It barely managed to delay the boss until everyone arrived, but it was still pulverized in the end. Using the last of his mana, he continued to chant his summon earth elemental spell.

SpyingBlade and Little Ren leapt onto the boss from behind. Using their swords and blades, they stabbed into the left and right heads. Ye Cang's Shadow Strike and Dashing Straight Thrust instantly stabbed his pike into the back of the middle head. The boss howled in pain, poisonous blood spurting out fiercely, but no one had time to care. The entire party ate a soldier food. Little Ye Tian cast a mass holy shield. Fang Ci's withered shades also joined the battle, shooting shadow arrows.

"Roar~!!!!" The three heads issued a heart-rending roar, which echoed around the cavern. NalanPureSoul's casting was interrupted by a fear effect. The people on its heads fell off. SpyingBlade instantly activated his status-effect removal skill. Ye Cang also used Swift Retreat to instantly remove the fear effect. In the air, he reached out and smacked down hard on the drum at his waist.

"Boom~!" A sound wave dealt tens of damage to everyone, but woke them up.

Zhang ZhengXiong, with his high will, wasn't affected in the slightest. On the contrary, he ran up in front of the boss, stopping it from advancing into the pool of water, just meters away. His heavy axe activated its weapon skill and a crescent like chop swept past its three throats, making green blood spurt into the water.

"Tactics! Pursuit! Attack!" Ye Cang used his two tactics skills. NalanPureSoul saw the instant increase in physical attack attributes. *Pursuit gives movement and attack speed. Attack must be the new one then... Seems like a damage and strength boost. If I remember correctly, a Tactics skill has two stances. The opposite of pursuit is retreat. The opposite of attack must be defence. So many good party skills.*

In the air, Lin Le dodged past a sweeping head. He summoned his handcart as he landed, and directly activated Handcart Tornado. Rotating with his handcart, he once again knocked it back tens of meters. The three headed monster, seeing that it was getting further away from the water, became even more impetuous. However, unlike a low-end player, what a high-end player fears the least is a berserk monster. Berserk might increase its attack power, but at the expense of its reflexes and intelligence. The most terrifying enemies were calm-headed, intelligent bosses.

Ye Cang jumped and twisted to avoid a water cannon. A spear stabbed through its eye, then he vaulted over its head. Pulling out the pike, he dropped it back into the shadow and during that short time in mid-air, he pulled out his preloaded ballista and sent a bolt piercing into the back of its head. Returning it to his back, he instantly drew his two pistols and calmly activated two skills; A Precise Shot and an Explosive Bullet shot towards the heads on the left and right.

Zhang ZhengXiong activated the amplification device on his shoulder, increasing his strength. A Barbaric Tackle sent the boss retreating once more. His heavy axe glowed with the light of Holy Judgement, striking once on each head. NalanPureSoul looked at the besieging close-range fighters. Each was a top-tier expert, including the tiger. Recalling the ring-shaped wave from earlier, if not for the area healing as well as the soldier food, he really didn't know how he would have dealt with it. He reached out and grasped the air. Everyone suddenly backed up. Lin Le once again threw molotovs. NalanPureSoul casted Conflagrate.

"Congratulations, you've slain a Three Headed Sea Monster. Receive 4000 experience."

"Haha, I'm level 20!" Ye Cang received the system reminder that he had reached level 20. Looking at the level rankings, he was the second to reach level 20. The first was that FlameEmperor guy. As he was thinking about that, a system message saying that the body was looted brought him back from him thoughts. He immediately roared, "My corpse! You guys..."

"Bro, congratulations on reaching level 20." Zhang ZhengXiong had noticed that Ye Cang was looking at the level rankings, so he hadn't disturbed him. Now, he quickly interrupted and congratulated him.

"Team Leader, congratulations." FrozenCloud also offered.

"Brother PaleSnow, congratulations on reaching level 20." NalanPureSoul also offered his good wishes. Everyone wished him well to distract him from the corpse.

Ye Cang replied with a vain smile, "It's nothing, it's nothing. It's what a president ought to do..."

"Brother Lil' White, amazing! Level 20!" Lin Le said while pushing the boss loot over.

Ye Cang happiled received them. Although he felt something was off, he still moved onto distributing equipment. "Two dark gold, both rings, one physical, one magical."

Eye of the Three Headed Monster (Dark Gold - Abyss - Uncommon)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

+20 Strength

+20 Dexterity

+10 Damage

+35 Penetration

+5% Damage

Heart of the Three Headed Monster (Dark Gold - Abyss - Uncommon)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

+20 Intelligence

+20 Wisdom

+20 Spell Power

+25 Spell Focus

+5% Spell Effect
