---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 468"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 468: Fire and Spice**

Everyone gasped. Although they had no skills, the rings' attributes were neat and fierce. As expected of drops from a hidden boss. NalanPureSoul was also interested. The ring gave everything a spellcaster needs and the numbers were very impressive.

"Physical first then. SpyingBlade has already filled all five ring slots. Lele and A'Xiong too. Then this ring will go to me, I only have three..." Ye Cang said calmly.

SpyingBlade was speechless. *That's only because you are too much of a showoff to fill them up!* "I also need it. Three of my rings are only Distinguished, one is gold, and the other dark gold."

"It seems like we must determine the winner again..." Ye Cang stepped forwards. SpyingBlade also slowly advanced. Then the two of them acted. NalanPureSoul watched as their hands changed signs numerous times.

"Scissors!" Ye Cang finalized.

"Paper! Hah..." SpyingBlade sighed. He had been a tad too slow to change into a fist.

"Hehe, keep practicing." Ye Cang smiled, directly putting on the ring. Then came the turn of the magic ring. "What should we do, bid or roll?"

"Let's roll." NalanPureSoul regretfully chose to roll, because he wanted to save his gold for the last boss. Though this ring was good, but the need wasn’t pressing.

Wu Na nodded, agreeing to roll. Little Ye Tian faintly frowned. *Why agree to roll? It's not like he would fight over it since there is still the final boss.* But recalling his status as one of the four heavenly kings, she chose to remain silent.

What made NalanPureSoul delighted was that he actually won this roll. Ye Cang looked away and said, "A pity I already got a ring from this boss, otherwise I would have definitely won..."

"Eh......" Everyone rolled their eyes at his words. Being able to achieve the impossible result of 0, where did he get his confidence from.

"Haha, haha..." NalanPureSoul laughed. *Actually, Brother PaleSnow's chest and corpse mode is quite charming when seen from afar.*

Ye Cang then flayed and cut up the three headed monster's corpse, skillfully taking out its heart and eyes. NalanPureSoul saw him intentionally separate the heart and eyes, presumably the best parts.

"Everyone take a break. Lele, go fish. I'll go clear out the surroundings." Ye Cang said and then began to pick mushrooms, fruits, and herbs. Zhang ZhengXiong also wandered around, seeing if he could find any exposed ore veins. He actually managed to find 3 top-quality mithril veins as well as a magic iron vein under the water. He even managed to mine a few uncommon gems and crystals, among which was a glowing, light element crystal.This made him very happy, as it allowed him to upgrade his crystal armguard again.

NalanPureSoul sat by the pool and recovered. He smiled sweetly as he watched Ye Cang wipe the area clean. Then he turned to see Wu Na and FrozenCloud gossiping. Hearing that Ye Cang would be in the five schools competition, he raised his brows. *Five schools competition? Seems fun...*

Lin Le fished up a treasure chest, and opened it while asleep. He threw the gold and jewels into the handcart and continued. SpyingBlade couldn't help but sigh. The cheat has evolved. He could now open chests as he fished.

Once everyone was ready, they continued deeper. On the left of the pool was another upwards path. Countless stone bridges connected towering cliffs. The monsters blocking their way were swamp monsters, so they all figured that the final boss would be a swamp monster type. 

It really did turn out to be a swamp monster. Unlike what everyone expected, what awaited them on the final cliff was a humanoid shaped creature. Its entire body was rotting and it had fungus and spores growing from its flesh. Its body was covered in roots. Though it wasn't big, everyone felt a sense of danger.

Fungus Undead (Advanced Boss - Abyss - Hybrid): An undead human mixed with a fungus creature. Danger index super high. The red mushroom on its butt is a super rare ingredient!!

Ye Cang backed up and explained the situation to everyone. Looking at the plateau full of spores, it seemed like it would be extremely dangerous. He faintly narrowed his eyes, thinking of a strategy. Recalling the difficulty of the swamp walker fight, he said, "This battle, I'm afraid the melee will all have to go into the flames..."

"Since it hasn't discovered us yet, are there any foods or consumables that increase fire resistance...". SpyingBlade didn't want to talk about food, but in order to overcome the boss, let alone the final boss, he could only clench his teeth and make this proposal.

"Let me try." Ye Cang brought everyone further away and began to cook a soup. He added in fire type ingredients and finally sprinkled it with some ground fire crystals. The pot began to emit a red light. A red skull appeared above it.

"Let's eat, it has fire resistance." Ye Cang looked at the 55 points of fire resistance of his new recipe, then said this happily.

"Bro, you're not eating?" Zhang ZhengXiong felt like something was wrong.

"I'm ranged, so I don't need it..." Ye Cang said calmly.

All the melee fighters exchanged a glance. A few seconds later, there were a few extra red faced corpses on the ground. Among them was Ye Cang, who had frozen in a rebelling pose.

NalanPureSoul wiped his forehead. *It makes sense. If it was me, I would also want to pull the one who made this thing down with me.* He was a bit curious though. There was a bit left, so he extended his tongue for a taste. *My god!* He was nearly knocked out on the spot. He took out his magic springwater and began to chug. Just a drop on his tongue and he had nearly been knocked out.

Weak Sauce hopped over, got itself a bowl and devoured it. It wiped its mouth, looking very satisfied. NalanPureSoul learned something new. Demons like to eat spicy things, the spicier the better. He summoned his own fire demon to drink some soup. After drinking the soup, it gained a temporary 25% increase in fire damage. This cooking was really not simple. It had so many hidden effects. He tried drinking a bowl himself. He felt like his mind had been set ablaze. Before hitting the ground, he checked out the effects on himself. +13 Fire Spell Power, +8% Fire Damage dealt...

He slowly woke up and saw Ye Cang's extended hand, "Brother PureSoul, you actually chose to share our hardships. Much better than that bunch..."

Saying that, Ye Cang looked at FrozenCloud and the others with contempt. NalanPureSoul broke out in cold sweat. *I only wanted to try out an extra effect. However, it wasn't worth testing out. That stink is too much...* He quickly covered his mouth and waved his hands in denial.

Little Ye Tian saw NalanPureSoul's actions. *Father's cooking probably had an extra effect. It must apply to demons and fire type warlocks.* She recalled Dodola, the travelling chef that was the source of her father's cooking skills. He even cooked for elementals and stone-people. Even ores could be cooked. She helped her father note down this special cooking knowledge: 'spiciness and the fire element'.
