---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 469"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 469: Control Spores

"We'll start when everyone is ready." Ye Cang examined everyone. Seeing nothing wrong, he informed Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le that they would be the vanguard.

"Wait. Lele, cover the field in molotovs for my first Conflagrate." NalanPureSoul urged.

Lin Le nodded, then went up to the stone bridge with Zhang ZhengXiong. Suddenly, he madly threw out molotovs, covering the entire stage in flames. NalanPureSoul motioned for the two to back up a bit, then reached out and motioned his hand. The entire stage was immediately engulfed by a violent explosion. A wail came from within.

"Go!" Ye Cang shouted. Zhang ZhengXiong directly charged into the raging fire and intercepted the smoking hybrid undead. The surrounding spores were ignited by the flames, appearing like stars. Ye Cang faintly frowned, he couldn't see. He had Little Blue Feather activate eagle eye and watch from atop a stone pillar. Locking onto the boss from above, he began to shoot.

NalanPureSoul faintly smiled. So Eagle Eyes could be used like that. A really good strategic skill. Wang summoned his earth elemental and had it charge into the fire to help.

Zhang ZhengXiong sighed at this small sized boss. Despite its size, it had extraordinary strength. However, this space was now completely unsuited to plants, spores, nor fungi to grow, so it was firmly suppressed. Hearing a howl of grief, Little Ye Tian sensed something was wrong. She suddenly turned and saw that their stone platform had begun to sprout mushrooms and spores! Dust began to mix into the air. "Father! This area is infected!!"

The moment Little Ye Tian said that, a spear of ice shot out from Wu Na's staff at her. Luckily, Little Ye Tian had noticed her peculiar actions and barely dodged it. Seeing the approaching spores, she urged Little Ration to take flight. Fang Ci also decisively rushed across the stone bridge and into the fire. Wang wasn't so lucky. He was controlled by the spores and ordered his earth elemental to attack Lin Le. Lin Le was knocked back a few meters by a giant rock fist, and pouted, "That damn bastard Wang! He's dead! He dares to betray us!"

Controlled and unable to speak, Wang heard Lin Le and scowled miserably. *Given Brother Le's temperament, I'm going to suffer a calamity.*

Ye Cang quickly jumped off the cliff and shadow stepped to Little Blue Feather's perch. He grabbed its claws and let it bring him to a nearby groove on the cliff. Occupying the high-ground, he saw that NalanPureSoul had been forced to the edge of the plateau. Throwing down a rope, he shouted, "Catch!!"

NalanPureSoul caught it and jumped off the plateau, swinging towards the cliff wall. Ye Cang pulled up the rope, raising him up. Since the spot wasn't very wide, the two of them were practically squished together as they attacked. For example, when Ye Cang drew his ballista, NalanPureSoul had to lift a leg to give him space and lean his chest on Ye Cang’s back for balance. It made his face red and heart skip, "Brother PaleSnow, how about having your pet bring me to a nearby groove."

"Alright. Little Blue Feather, bring him..." Ye Cang called out. Little Blue Feather flew over. NalanPureSoul jumped out and grabbed its claw, gliding to a nearby protrusion.

SpyingBlade dodged an ice arrow, then turned and looked around the sea of fire. He saw Little Ye Tian and the kagu bug circling around in the sky and the traitorous earth elemental. Something must have happened at the back! When he saw Fang Ci charge into the front lines, he became even more certain.

The tigerkin Little Ren performed a combo on the earth elemental. Lin Le violently finished it off, but the moment it was smashed Wang summoned it again, making Lin Le clench his teeth in rage. It's not like it was hard to kill it, but he was prevented from helping Brother Lil' Xiong.

Ye Cang was about to fire his ballista when he saw that the earth elemental kept nagging Lele. Wu Na was also disturbing the others and trying to put out the fire. He decisively drew his two pistols and blasted the two in the head a couple of times, disposing of them, then he calmly went back to aiming at the boss that Zhang ZhengXiong was arduously holding back. He summoned his Shadow Weapon - Heavy Crossbow and unleashed a Meteor Shot.

Wu Na and Wang were killed by Ye Cang, which gave SpyingBlade and the others some more room to breath. His judgement was correct. In this sort of situation, if they were unable to clear the status, killing them was the best choice. The two of them were ordinary anyways, it would be fine to just resurrect them later.

Fang Ci connected himself to Zhang ZhengXiong with Shadow Chain, sharing the damage. The pressure was immediately greatly reduced. Little Ye Tian began to focus her healing on the two of them, which reduced the pressure on her too.

SpyingBlade ambushed the boss from behind, stabbing through its throat. Pulling out, he unleashed a devastating combo! He leaned back and activated Dark Trial. Ten black flashes struck at its back.

SpyingBlade frowned. Such high damage reduction! Especially against physical damage. It was about as strong as the marshwalker. Luckily, it was an undead. Perhaps it would be hard for a weak priest, but for this team, undead merely meant that the tanky Zhang ZhengXiong would also output a massive amount of damage. Leaning to the side to dodge a thrusting root, SpyingBlade created an opportunity for Zhang ZhengXiong to hit with Holy Judgement. The final holy strike left the undead shuddering.

The supporting FrozenCloud seized this chance to perform a Wyvern Kick, then a full powered Shoryuken smashed into its chin. Using her spinning momentum, she comboed into her 2nd Stage Shoryuken, hitting it into the air, following up with a Kamaitachi - Sweeping Wind! As it fell to the ground, she gathered all her qi! The moment it landed, Collapsing Palm! Assault Charge! Triple Strike! Then a sudden 360 spin for a full powered revolving kick - Giant Crocodile Tail Sweep!

The combo directly blasted the hybrid undead into a nearby wall. Ye Cang's Meteor Shot and Shadow Weapon flashed by at this time, nailing it there. The position was perfect. Light Strike Array! Hellfire Ring! Rain of Fire! And then Conflagrate instantly covered the cliff wall in an explosion. The stone quaked. The hybrid undead could be seen struggling in the flames. It angrily ripped away the bolts, then raised its head and glowered at Ye Cang and NalanPureSoul, issuing a horrible roar.

Ye Cang saw that the spores were beginning to spread upwards. He moved along the wall, stepping on the grooves, shooting his gun every few steps. NalanPureSoul and Little Blue Feather worked together to change locations. The two of them both knew that this couldn't go on. They slowly made their way towards the sea of fire on the plateau. The two of them, one like a shadow creeping along the cliff wall, the other carried by Little Blue Feather, leapt into the sea of fire. They began to prepare for their final storm of attacks.

Hovering in the air, Little Ye Tian and the kagu bug Little Rations were also forced into the fire to avoid the spores. She began to go all out, healing everyone. Even though it was Lin Le's fire, it dealt considerable damage. Despite having high fire resistance, it would still be tough to endure for a long period of time. Each of them ate their soldier food. Zhang ZhengXiong even used his two uses of Desperate Prayer. But the hybrid undead's body recovered too quickly and its health was quite high. Everyone could only go all out, fighting against time. Lin Le didn't dare to stop adding to the fire, as the moment the spores reached them, they would all be controlled and lose.

Everyone was racing against time. Fang Ci was the first to fall after the Shadow Chain's duration ended. Little Ye Tian focussed her healing mainly on Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and NalanPureSoul. Holy light, molotovs, hellfire, and fire continuously burned the zombie. Those three were the most important. Her father could revive himself, so she didn't have to worry. Moreover, his Healing Stream was even more powerful than her own healing, let alone the fact that he still had an area healing skill. He would be fine for a while longer...
