---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 470"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 470: Cang and Pure**

The battle was intense. The contest of attrition in the sea of fire greatly pressured them all. Luckily, the hybrid undead was also showing signs of tiring. This let everyone sigh in relief. Ye Cang's spear rapidly stabbed, creating fire lotuses. NalanPureSoul also went all out.

Little Ye Tian saw that their healths had once again entered the danger zone. She had everyone assemble to cast a mass holy shield, then activated her scepter's area healing ability and any other heals she had available! All her equipment skills were used up. Ye Cang also released a flowery wind. However, in the fire, the effects were greatly reduced. It was still better than nothing though.

The situation was pressing. Everyone fought with their life on the line, even eating their final daily use of soldier food. They did their best to deal damage, fighting to make every second count. SpyingBlade released one last skill before collapsing.

Lin Le was also forced to his knees after releasing his Sword Drawing Arts and a Whirlwind Strike. "Brother Lil' White, Brother Lil' Xiong, everyone, avenge... Lele... Gaaaah!!!"

The tigerkin Little Ren fell at his side. Even the non-combatant Weak Sauce was cooked like a thanksgiving turkey, emitting the fragrant smell of roast meat. FrozenCloud toppled over mid-Shoryuken. "Team Leader, it's all on you. You musn't loot the corpse. I beg... you..."

Little Ye Tian sighed as she cast one last healing spell on Zhang ZhengXiong. She was out of mana. Without protective skills, she perished in the fire with Little Rations. "Father, it's up to you..."

NalanPureSoul sacrificed his fire demon to obtain temporary immunity to fire and a damage boost. He looked at Ye Cang and shouted, "Brother PaleSnow! The final attack! You should still have mana!"

Ye Cang dodged past a claw and began to cast. Zhang ZhengXiong blocked the hybrid undead, completely attracting its aggro. Using his last bit of life, he issued an incomparably crazy roar, "Roaaar!! F\*\*k your mother! Dieee!!"

Even NalanPureSoul couldn't help but be shocked by Zhang ZhengXiong's imposing manner. Even the boss was a bit scared by his aura and roar. His pretty eyes opened wide. *A real badass. It looks like there will finally be a main tank among the Heavenly Kings. His little brother is it? As expected of someone who carries Brother PaleSnow's hopes.*

"A'Xiong, dodge! We still need you!!" Ye Cang shouted. Zhang ZhengXiong's Barbaric Tackle knocked the hybrid undead a few meters back, then he turned and opened his holy text, casting a healing light on himself, before moving to the edge of the fire where it was weaker. He prepared to dodge the kamikaze attack.

The light of Light Strike Array burst up to the top of the cavern. NalanPureSoul reached out and grasped. The two explosions illuminated the entire stone plateau. The light shone on the stalactites, making them look exceptionally beautiful.

"Congratulations, you've slain the Fungus Undead. Received 4300 experience!"

"Congratulations, your party has conquered the Dark Cave! Create a self-introduction of your party, otherwise in 3 hours, the system will automatically create an announcement."

Ye Cang sighed in relief. It seemed like he wouldn't have to explode. Looking at his remaining 45 health, he quickly cast a healing stream on himself, perfectly using up the last of his mana. He hopped out of the flame area, onto the stone bridge, and began to recover. *The corpse is waiting for me! Hurry up and extinguish!*

Zhang ZhengXiong was at the far edge so he could only shout, "Brother PureSoul! It's up to you to stop my bro!!"

NalanPureSoul suddenly sensed a heavy pressure. Now he knew how ThornyRose felt. Killing a boss should be a happy thing, but to have to guard against this sort of accident afterwards too... If it were cursed by somebody's \*\*\*\* hands... "One equipment..."

Zhang ZhengXiong frowned. This genderless bastard was trying to profit from their misfortunes! Losing one piece was better than getting nothing at all though. After losing so many people, if it was all ruined, some people might even want to die. This was the final boss! As the fire slowly burned out, Ye Cang's state became more and more twisted. "Now!!"

The fire had weakened. Ye Cang couldn't wait anymore and began to sprint. NalanPureSoul pretended to attack, then grabbed hold of Ye Cang tightly. The two of them rolled around on the ground. Ye Cang crawled on the ground like an evil spirit, dragging NalanPureSoul with him. NalanPureSoul's scalp tingled. Only after experiencing it himself could he feel how frightfully attached Ye Cang was to looting. If he didn't try his best, he would be thrown off. However, they were still advancing at turtle’s speed.

Zhang ZhengXiong first resurrected Lin Le.

The moment Lin Le got up, hearing Zhang ZhengXiong's shout, he ran to the corpse.

"That's mine! Mine! MINE!! Can't you see, my divine hand is trembling! There will definitely be a godly artifact this time!! MINEEEE!! GODLY ARTIFAAAACT!!" Ye Cang accelerated in his insanity, but he could only watch as Lin Le calmly looted the corpse. Disappointed, he sunk into the embers. NalanPureSoul unwillingly got up. The moment he let go, Ye Cang gnawed on his head in revolt. "Damn Brother PureSou! There is no grievance between us! You dare to hinder me from looting a boss! I hate you!!"

NalanPureSouls gasped. *It hurts!* "Brother PaleSnow, calm down! Calm down! I'll get mad if you keep biting!"

Zhang ZhengXiong ended up watching the unbearable scene of the two of them wrestling like grade-schoolers. He sighed, then sat down to recover his mana. The next task was to wait and revive Little Ye Tian. It would be faster for their two skills to be on cooldown.

Everyone was revived one after the other. They looked at the bite marks on NalanPureSoul's and Ye Cang's faces. They had clearly gone through a fight.

"Brother PureSoul, I lost my mind a bit back there. Sorry about that..." Ye Cang calmly smiled. He reached out and put a hand on NalanPureSoul's shoulder.

NalanPureSoul looked at him suspiciously. *Since when did he speak so nicely?* He also put an arm around Ye Cang, "It's fine, it's fine. I was also at fault..."

Ye Cang once again acted up, attacking from close range. NalanPureSoul did not take things lying down. He leaned away to dodge and aimed a bite at Ye Cang's head. Ye Cang sneered. *You're still too soft!* He flung his head and bit back. The two of them wrestled together again.

Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and the others sat to the side, drinking and eating the edible foods, while watching the wrestling match. Things were becoming messier. That always graceful NalanPureSoul was unexpectedly wrestling with Ye Cang, ignoring his image and tearing at each other...

SpyingBlade laughed. Truly an inconceivable person. He can even make others drop their fetters and fight like madmen. He thought of Cold Moon's pledge and vow of loyalty, despite her cold attitude; and that massacre at the institution. Just what kind of person was he? Perhaps no one really knew...

The two people calmed down. Ye Cang apologized sincerely, "Sorry, Brother PureSoul. I lost my mind again. Don't mind..."

"It's fine, it's fine. I also took it too seriously." NalanPureSoul smiled gracefully. Though he spoke like that, he was secretly still on guard. Recalling the bite marks on his face brought a bit of a blush to his cheeks.
