---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 472"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 472: Free Time

For the long awaited free time, SpyingBlade contemplated on whether to play around with assassination missions or go to White Stone City and mess with CloudDragon. "Team Leader, I'm going to White Stone City. I'll probably cause some trouble for CloudDragon. That's not a problem right?"

"It's fine. Play as you wish. If you get discovered, I'll take care of it..." Ye Cang's words made SpyingBlade break out in cold sweat.

"How will you take care of it..." SpyingBlade decided to ask.

"I'll just say I don't really know you..." Ye Cang said as if it was obvious.

SpyingBlade ended the conversation. Such a godly solution, so insightful.

Ye Cang found Linda in Black Rock City' Goddess Association and asked about his progression.

"You can indeed further your studies. Accept Anya's blessing." Linda faced Anya's wild statue and taught Ye Cang three advanced skills.

Wild Leap (Anya - Ranger / Hunter - Beginner Level): 
Rapidly jump to a distant location. Movement speed increased by 30% for 3 seconds.
Cost: None. Cooldown: 30 seconds.

Powerful Pierce (Anya - Ranger / Hunter - Beginner Level - Passive): 
Greatly increase the penetrative power of ranged weapons. Improved by related attributes.

Hunter's Soul (Anya - Ranger / Hunter - Beginner Level): 
+20% dexterity, +10% movement speed. Activate to double dexterity for 15 seconds.
Cooldown: 12 hours.

The one Ye Cang cared the most about was the last skill. The effect of doubling dexterity was great, let alone the 20% passive dexterity and 10% passive movement speed. Although the cooldown was long, this was a big move used to clinch victory in the most crucial moments. He knew this much at least.

Leaving the goddess association, he saw many people packing up and preparing to go to the Dark Cave. As for those already in the Black Peaks, they were working on conquering it.

FrozenCloud brought Wu Na with her and the two of them leveled and passed their time normally. Fang Ci was dragged away by Wang. Zhang ZhengXiong was practicing his forging in Black Rock City. Lin Le stayed at the Black Peaks and was in charge of maintaining security at the Dark Cave. That was ThornyRose's request. Since Ye Cang didn't have time and Zhang ZhengXiong needed to practice forging, the job went to the free Mad Devil Le.

Little Ye Tian was speeding up the construction of the supply depots; for example, the general store, shops, blacksmith and food stores. If nothing went wrong, it would be completed within a few days. Meanwhile, Ye Cang had finished learning his skills and arrived at his garden. It seemed the plants were growing healthily. He took out the fire berry bush and directly planted it into the dirt.

"This sort of plant needs a moist and oily region. Planting it in this swamp area would be best." Makarlo approached from behind him and stroked his white beard.

"Oh..." Ye Cang recalled that the place he had harvested it from seemed to have been like that. According to Makarlo's instructions, he replanted the fire berry bush. Thereafter, Makarlo imparted him with some planting knowledge and shared his own experiences.

"Congratulations, you've received Plant Cultivation Identification." The system prompted.

Ye Cang discovered that he could now more or less identify these plants' preferred environments. He looked around at the different growing zones. He clearly remembered having mixed everything together. Makarlo must have helped to take care of it. He said sincerely, "Thank you for your help, teacher Makarlo..." 

"You flatter me, boss." Makarlo showed a friendly smile. "Sir PaleSnow, why have you gathered so many rare plants?"

"Cooking..." Ye Cang said bluntly. 

Makarlo froze, then laughed. "Haha, as expected of sir. Not bad, that is a good use. It follows the way of nature."

Makarlo originally intended to teach Ye Cang how to compound natural medicines, but immediately dropped the subject. Cooking was also a good choice. He thought of Lin Le, perhaps he would be a better candidate. He was sir's companion and had alchemy knowledge. Cooking? It made him recall a certain person. Master Dodola. A legendary explorer. A legendary scholar. A legendary chef. Creator of an avant-garde school of cooking for all races.

Ye Cang soon left his plantation, because the growth period had yet to finish, especially for those rarer plants. He only harvested a few of the less rare mushrooms.

Leaving his garden, he arrived at the underground pier to observe construction. For military use, it was still early, but 30% of it was open to trade and commerce. The rest was still being worked on around the clock. He greeted Marquis Azshara, who was personally overseeing the military ports, before returning to Black Rock City and logging off.

Half-Moon Lake.

Ye Cang continued to supervise his two disciples' dance/martial arts practice. As for how the two felt about this, they were both afraid and hopeful. Afraid because being beaten a few times today was inevitable. Hopeful because his serious teachings would help them improve quickly. It was the so-called love and hate relationship. As the two women were thinking of this, they gasped. Their two arms and legs, butt, and abdomen were all hit by that willow branch. Ye Cang yawned and said calmly, "Don't doze off. Snap out of it... Now."

The weekend arrived. Zhang ZhengXiong received a notification from Zhao ShaoFeng and Li LiJia. He brought Ye Cang, Lin Le, Little Ye Tian, and FrozenCloud to the top of the third administrative building.

Zhang ShaoFeng looked at the white-haired Ye Cang. This could be considered their first meeting. Li LiJia never would have imagined that this guy who had never done a thing could become the eastern regions king and commander of the holy war. He was even in the list of the school’s 10 most influential figures and in a rather high position too. 

"Combat training is beginning. I hope you can participate in this week of training. Everyone there will be members of Lin Hai's team. Training together is very important..." Zhang ShaoFeng skipped the nonsense and got to the point.

"Bro, what do you say?" Zhang ZhengXiong was a bit unwilling but still consulted Ye Cang for his opinion.

"Course credit..." Ye Cang said calmly.

"Sure..." Zhang ShaoFeng smiled.

"Bonus..." Ye Cang continued.

"As appropriate..." Zhang ShaoFeng continued to smile.

"Then we'll participate. I'm bored these days anyways. Oh right, I have a friend who wants to participate with us. She's skillful..." Ye Cang pulled FrozenCloud over and said.

"Of course. Su BingYun, acting department. A powerful martial artist. A member of the capital’s team..." Zhang ShaoFeng knew about FrozenCloud's background.

Li LiJia examined FrozenCloud with squinted eyes. The second daughter of the Su family. It was unknown as to why she has been so close to Ye Cang's team T-105 recently. She even jumped ship to come over.
