---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 473"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 473: Training

"When is it?" Ye Cang raised his brow and asked.

"You're the only ones not there. Hurry and prepare to go to the city center." Li LiJia smiled bitterly.

Ye Cang shrugged silently, then led his group out of the third administrative building to the hovering train station. They rode the train to the city center.

The city center was the area surrounded by the four great districts at the center of the city. The backbone of the college. Headquarters of the post-graduates. Location of the command center. Lin Hai's most important science buildings were also in the city center.

Zhang ShaoFeng watched as they headed there wearing their beach shorts and muttered, "If only those guys wouldn't cause any trouble."

"You think that's possible? When have they not caused trouble? They've already started a holy war..." Li LiJia smiled bitterly. Zhang ShaoFeng smiled with her. From problem children to the overlords of the east district. Popular with the students and residents. If they called, tens of thousands would answer.

City Center, training grounds.

Ye Cang walked in wearing flip-flops, beach shorts, and eating a popsicle. At the same time, Sheng QianYi brought the student council members over.

Ye Cang glanced over to Sheng QianYi. Ignoring the student council's hostility, he took the lead to enter. He didn't even consider greeting them, not that he would recognize them.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the student council's Zhou Meng, looking for a fight. His large hands stretched out, grabbing him. Zhou Meng retaliated by brushing his hands away, but Zhang ZhengXiong just smiled evilly. With a throw, he tossed Zhou Meng at a doorpost, then laughed contemptuously at the student council members. He was followed by a bouncy, lively Lin Le, a calm Little Ye Tian, and a somewhat anxious FrozenCloud.

Shen QianYi pushed up his glasses, sensing the horrifyingly brutal, oppressive aura coming from the back of Zhang ZhengXiong. "Such astonishing strength and skill. His talent is no less than Qin ShaoTian's..."

Zhou Meng raised his brows. Although he had been a bit careless in the previous exchange, that monstrous strength and pressure couldn't be concealed. This was T-105's number one thug, the human gundam - Zhang Zhengxiong. "A bunch of arrogant bastards..."

"You're not their match and have no right to say that..." The west district's Fang XinRu said. Zhou Meng glared at her, then snorted and walked to the side silently.

"Less talk. Let's go in..." Zhou NingZhi followed Sheng QianYi into the building. The others followed, not daring to speak in front of the excited Sheng QianYi.

Ye Cang and the others arrived at the reception room. What made him happy was that the one receiving them was instructor Wang. "Yo, Old Wang, long time no see..."

Instructor Wang saw Ye Cang's group of three and trembled all over. *These three bastards!* He endured it and didn't pounce on them. "You’re in room CPA-591. This is your room key."

"Thanks, Old Wang. Next time, let's grab a drink." Ye Cang took the key and smiled politely.

FrozenCloud followed Ye Cang and the others. She turned back and saw instructor Wang looking at them, grinding his teeth in rage, as if he wanted to eat them alive. She gulped, wondering what exactly had happened between them. She suddenly recalled a conversation with Nana. She had mentioned an instructor named Wang who was ravaged, stripped, and turned into a trap with a stun grenade under his crotch. That was probably him...

Their path passed by the training ground's lounge. Everyone walked in and saw nearly 100 people there performing various kinds of training. Among them, there was no lack of familiar faces. For example, the blonde from the Holy War, Sun Yu. The beach-clothed group walked in, their appearances very eye-catching. Everyone inside looked over; some with enmity, some with respect, though most of them were provocative.

Sun Xue looked over at Lin Le who was focusing on eating his popsicle. She recalled how she had been intercepted by him last time. They were unable to determine a victor at that time. She couldn't even get near that White Hair. That silly looking man stuck to her like glue. His attacks all used softness to counter strength, used slow to counter fast.

Ye Cang looked at the basic training area. He yawned, then brought everyone to their room to watch dramas. From the start, he never had any intention to train.

FrozenCloud wiped the sweat on her forehead. *Is this really ok?* "Team Leader, should we also go..."

"Sisters 2 plays at 2:30. Let's talk about it after..." Ye Cang said, laying down listlessly on the ground and staring at the screen with dead-fish eyes. He propped his head up with one hand as he continued to yawn and flip through the channels. He saw news that the show had been delayed, "Dammit, it's been delayed until tomorrow. Let's go. Get changed and go down."

FrozenCloud went to the washroom and changed into her training clothes: a black sleeveless shirt with military pants and boots. Her hair was tied up into a high ponytail. She took a deep breath. Lin Hai was a school with many experts. She couldn't be careless! She opened the door and saw Ye Cang’s group. Her mouth gaped wide open, then she immediately broke out in cold sweat. The four of them, big and small, were all dressed up as american football players. She took a deep breath.

"Let's go." Ye Cang patted his chest guard, then the few of them set off. FrozenCloud quickly pulled them back and found some training clothes for Ye Cang and the others to change into. She brought Little Ye Tian into the washroom to personally take charge. When she came out once again, the three of them were bare to the waist. They wore the bottom half properly though. *Can't these three do anything seriously!* She facepalmed, then watched as Ye Cang valiantly patted his thin chest. Even his ribs were faintly visible. After patting his chest, he immediately coughed twice, "Cough cough, yes... a real man should go into battle shirtless! Cough cough..."

*Hey, team leader! You don't have to keep flexing.* FrozenCloud then looked at Zhang ZhengXiong's astonishing body and gasped. Those muscles were full of explosive strength. She could feel her face becoming a bit hot. Moving onto Lin Le, it was just a normal man's upper body that you could find in your neighborhood. No muscle, yet no excess fat. Even a little bit of a protruding stomach. He was currently picking his nose. The thought that Song Xin was his girlfriend felt like a thunderclap going off inside her head. The contrast between the three of them was too great.

Everyone gathered at the meeting place. A proud, middle aged instructor stood there. He had a long scar on his cheek, and a big nose. His oppressive aura made everyone feel afraid, unwilling to approach. Now, he was looking displeased at Ye Cang's group of late-comers. *This is the group that won the Holy War?* Looking at Zhang ZhengXiong's physique and aura up close, he relaxed his brows. *Good guy.* "Come earlier next time..."

Ye Cang rubbed his head, a bit embarrassed. He then turned and shouted at FrozenCloud, "It's all your fault! Insisting on wearing this and wearing that. Wasting so much time. Instructor, please don't mind. Women just like to dress up..."

"Yeah, yeah..." Lin Le voiced righteously.

FrozenCloud's chest tightened. She angrily rolled her eyes.

The instructor didn't inquire further. He moved directly to the main topic. "I'm the main instructor in charge of your basic training - Xiao YunHe. First, test your basic strength..."

Xiao YunHe let Ye Cang's group use the testing equipment. They started basic test for strength, technique, and intelligence. What made him happy was Zhang ZhengXiong's results for strength and technique, as well as Little Ye Tian's extraordinary results in intelligence. Su BingYun's abilities were also very outstanding. However, she paled in comparison to the previous two. The one called Lin Le had shocking technique, but his intelligence was traumatic. As for their so called general, he was only at the level of a common student, extremely ordinary; ordinary to the point that if it weren't for his appearance, there would be nothing special about him. Xia YunHe smiled. *You think this is boring?* He secretly increased the difficulty, but discovered that no matter how hard the test, he would obtain an average result; Not strong, yet not weak. After the technique test, he labelled Ye Cang as 'not ordinary'.
