---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 474"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, openbookworm"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 474: Personally Taking the Stage

A loud thud. Everyone looked over to see that Zhang ZhengXiong had bare-handedly hit the alloy testing machine into a V shape. Looking from the machine to that demon-god like body made their hairs stand on end. Even Sun Xue felt a shiver. If someone were to be hit by his full strength, would there even be any bones left intact...

Xiao YunHe also wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Was this a show of strength?

Zhang ZhengXiong straightened the alloy board with his bare hands. Using his palm like a hammer, he did his best to flatten the uneven surface, then put the alloy board back in place. Stretching his neck, he went to the side for some water.

This action made the ordinary members tremble even harder. They looked at that pretty much fixed alloy board and recalled his nickname of the Human Gundam. He really was worthy of that name.

FrozenCloud finished her training and sat beside him with a bitter smile. She watched Ye Cang and Lin Le spar on stage. The two of them made all sorts of poses, but it was ended by Ye Cang's 'Grab By the Balls' attack on Lin Le's little peepee. After begging for mercy, Lin Le looked at him with eyes of worship. FrozenCloud could sense the strange gazes being thrown at them and immediately hid her face.

Lin Le had just started descending from the stage. Ye Cang was planning to join him and rest when an athletic figure jumped up. "So you're east district's general of the holy..."

The man didn't even get to finish speaking before Ye Cang took out a pepper spray and disabled him. Following that was a round of underhanded punches and kicks. Then he confidently jumped off the stage, leaving behind a distressed figure. He said proudly, "That's right. That's me..."

After saying this, he walked to the resting area under everyone's stunned gazes.

As for the other members, they all gasped. Just how unscrupulous was he!

"Using pepper spray. Damn, come fight with real weapons if you have the guts!" A tall, ponytailed woman wearing martial arts clothing said with disdain.

"Don't need to bother my bro. Let me fight a round with you. I guarantee it will be great..." Zhang ZhengXiong suddenly got up and sneered. He looked at the nametag on her chest - Fang Xin. 

Fang Xin raised her brows. *I definitely can't beat this guy.* She smiled, without a hint of anger. "You're not the one I want to go up against. You're an extraordinary genius, unlike that white hair who only knows how to use shameful methods..."

Little Ye Tian was using her IQ to crush the training programs when she heard this. Her little brows furrowed as she turned to that Fang Xin. She recalled Ye Cang's words. She wasn’t allowed to kill someone just because she was angry. Then she would be no different from those artificial humans. She sighed. *Father is right. I can't fail to live up to his expectations. Let's continue to crush these computer matrices.*

"Brother Lil' White, this b\*tch is too hateful. Let me teach her a lesson for you!!" Lin Le suddenly got up. His ahoge stood erect. He gave off a 'I'm going to kill her before the hot liquor cools' feeling. FrozenCloud got up and scowled. This woman was just asking for a slap in the face.

Ye Cang reached out and waved Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and FrozenCloud back. "I'll do it..."

He walked up to the stage under everyone's gaze. Xiao YunHe confiscated his pepper spray. Ye Cang reluctantly parted with it. His skinny figure stood there like a weakling. He looked like he couldn't even take a hit.

Xiao YunHe thought, *That girl is seeking death. That team's most terrifying member is probably that white haired demon.* He watched as Ye Cang advanced towards Fang Xin with a hand in his pocket. The other hand patted his chest as he coughed, "I... Cough cough, don't fear you! Come! Cough cough!"

Xiao YunHe saw that many people had broken into smiles. Their thoughts were obvious. *This is the general of the holy war? One of the top ten most influential people? This immoral bag of bones?* 

Xiao YunHe immediately felt a chill.  *Woah, can this demon be any more evil? He's still acting. He's going to eat her whole!*

Fang Xin was about to jump onto the stage when Ye Cang's figure appeared in front of her with a flicker. A fist smashed into her chest. His hand easily grabbed her by her left breast and lifted her into the air. He continued to grab harder, his smiled remained calm as he listened to Fang Xin's screams. "Say it! I was wrong, and I shouldn't have spoken badly of you..."

"You!! Ah!" Fang Xin felt herself suspended in the air. That iron vice-like grip felt like it wanted to rip her apart as it grabbed both her left and right. She began to scream and cry, "I was wrong! I shouldn't have spoken badly of you, great general!"

Ye Cang released his grip. His hands returned to his pockets as he confidently walked off the stage. He saw FrozenCloud subconsciously cover her chest. An odd expression appeared on his face. "What are you doing?"

FrozenCloud quickly shook her head, "Nothing?"

She felt like she could see her inevitable end if Team Leader ever discovered she had lied to them. It would definitely be more cruel than this.

Xiao YunHe gasped. *Truly extremely wicked. He completely didn't care that the opponent was a woman and actually used it against her. Many women are turning pale from seeing this scene. This team's military might is truly great. Moreover, his speed is so fast. Even I had trouble seeing it. His speed has been confirmed. His strength is also not bad, enough to lift someone as easily as he would a chicken with a single hand.*

Shen QianYi crossed his arms and raised his brows. *So agile. That move was pretty good.* He turned and looked at Fang XinRu and Zhou NingZhi. The two women were faintly shivering. Lesson learned. He turned and left the meeting place.

Xiao YunHe looked at Sheng QianYi. His heart sank. *This is a true monster. Not even Qin ShaoTian is his match. A mysterious background too. With him participating in the five schools competition, Lin Hai definitely won't be third again. We have the strength to fight for first or second. He is the strongest of the student council presidents.*

Lin Le began to practice with throwing knives. With four knives in one hand, and an apple blocking the target. With his eyes closed, he threw every knife out in different trajectories and they all converged to hit the bullseye, completely showing up the tang sect members. Xiao YunHe was flabbergasted. The more he learned about this team, the more he felt like the ones who evaluated them were naive dumbasses. This one move was enough to get him into the five schools competition team.

Ye Cang was forcefully dragged away by the dance competition members. Xiao YunHe knew that his dancing was the best in Lin Hai, so he directly made him the main contestant for dance.

The first day of training ended. Everyone returned to their rooms and looked at the new itinerary. The second day would be a combat test. Ye Cang's group of three exchanged glances. They nodded simultaneously. "Our expertise has come. What's our goal this time?" 

"Blow up the command center?" Zhang ZhengXiong asked.

"We did that last time, there’s no novelty. Next." Ye Cang shook his head. On the side, FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat at the fact that they had actually done something so insane.

"Take out the combat test's commander-in-chief?" Zhang ZhengXiong proposed once again.

"This..." Ye Cang raised his head and entered his one second thinking mode, then immediately nodded. "Ok, that's it."

*Hey, do you have to make things so difficult for the instructors? Taking out the combat test's command-in-chief? Is that even possible?*
