---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 475"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 475: Masterchef

Ye Cang layed on the bed and flipped through the channels. There were no good dramas to watch, so he logged into the game to wander around. Arriving at the Goddess Tea Shop, he saw that it was thriving even more than before. Allie was preparing snacks, looking very fulfilled. He walked over and smiled, "Yo, how's it going?"

"Super busy. I'm planning to hire two more assistants. You seem free..." Allie complained.

"You take a break. I'll take care of things..." Ye Cang said considerately, then began to put on an apron. Allie broke into cold sweat. After working hard to make the store so popular, if this guy were to take part, it would definitely become a ghost town! She quickly blocked him, but the devoted Ye Cang still managed to make some homemade fried foods and pastries. He then forcibly added these dishes to the store's menu.

Allie looked at those disgusting things and noted down beside their menu entries: 'Extremely likely to be dark cooking. Without special circumstances, do not order.'

What Allie didn't expect was that there were actually people who tried ordering it. When they saw the food's stat bonuses, they gasped. It was equivalent to gold equipment! Moreover, they could stack them three times! Although it was a bit expensive at 50 silver but the attribute bonuses would be good for conquering a boss or an elite ranked adversary! After trying a bit, they hit the floor, foaming at the mouth. The people nearby broke into cold sweat. Though the attributes were good, it seemed that 'disgusting' didn't even come close to describing it. They watched as those people slowly woke up and started to retch. It turned out the bonuses came with a price...

Despite all that, there were still some parties that bought some for taking on bosses and elites. When Ye Cang learned that the sales weren't bad, he quickly made a ton and put them in the association's food storehouse. He looked at the speechless Allie and proudly said, "As expected, I knew my cooking would be a hit!"

Allie looked at the poisoned patients on the ground. Were these people retarded? She facepalmed and shook her head. It was fine, as long as it could be sold. They chose it themselves anyways. These things were mainly purchased as takeout after they finished eating normal foods, so it was fine.

Ye Cang hummed a tune as he cooked another homemade slime gel and zombie fluid marinated toad meat jerky. When the system notified that he had been promoted to master level, he rejoiced and began to send out messages informing everyone. The recipients only felt a profound shiver. They hadn't even had the chance to adapt, yet the trouble had leveled up again? They felt rather downhearted.

What truly surprised Ye Cang was that master cooking, besides allowing four food buffs, also rewarded him with an extra heroic talent.

>**Dodola's Gluttonous Knowledge *(Heroic - Beginner Level)***  
+18% all attributes *(affected by cooking level)*, +25% damage vs all living creatures, +30% to all cooking effects, and identification has a chance to discover the weak-points of living creatures.

His attributes were raised by quite a bit. As far as Ye Cang was concerned, increases to all attributes were also boosts to his intelligence which further increased his spell power and focus. He tried adding a point to Azeroth's Magic Proficiency and it succeeded in upgrading to advanced level. He then added a point to Dodola's Gluttony knowledge but the system pointed out that his level was insufficient.

>**Azeroth's Magic Proficiency *(Heroic - Advanced Level)***  
+25 intelligence. Intelligence is increased by 20% of all other attributes. Spell Power and Spell Focus is increased by an additional 60% of intelligence.

His magic and intelligence once again underwent a qualitative change. Ye Cang left the goddess tea shop satisfied. Next he went to the holy church's courtyard and saw Zhang ZhengXiong and a lean old fellow exercising. He conveniently passed by the summoner association where OldWangFromNextDoor and his instructor were once again doing strange things to their summoned creatures, making Ye Cang speechless. Entering the armed chamber of commerce; he saw Lin Le with scars drawn on his face, pointing his giant sword at a list of achievements. He was sharing his hardships and experiences with the members below the stage, receiving a very positive response.

Ye Cang sighed. He left, donning his wolf-head hood, rubbing the fur. Staring blankly at the sky, he thought to himself, "So bored... What to do... Let's go to the adventurer's association and receive a quest."

Ye Cang arrived at the senior's activity center and familiarly greeted all the elders. Approaching the mission board, he saw the newest commision at the top, "Earl Calata's daughter does not have the confidence to go outside. I hope someone can talk her into it.” 

“Accept. Let's go see what's going on..."

Ye Cang followed the mission's details and arrived at Earl Calata's residence. Since he was an earl himself, the guards let him pass after some simple inquiries. Earl Calata saw that the arrivee was the newly promoted Earl PaleSnow, part of Azshara's faction. Being in the neutral faction himself, he was still more inclined towards Azshara's side, so was not displeased by Ye Cang's arrival. On the contrary, he cordially invited Ye Cang in. 

"That daughter of mine was born fairly pretty, but in the past few years, she has been bullied by some female classmates, who hate her. Ever since they wrote 'ugly' on her face, she no longer has the confidence to go outdoors. She's even afraid of looking in the mirror. It's giving me a headache. Since Earl PaleSnow has come, you must have an idea."

"Mm. Earl Calata, let me give it a try. Where is she?" Ye Cang recalled some of the school drama's he'd seen as he asked.

Calata brought Ye Cang to a room. Ye Cang turned to him and said seriously, "Later, no matter what you hear in the room, you can't come in and should ignore it..."

Calata hesitated for a moment from doubt but nodded in the end. "I got it."

Ye Cang entered the room and saw a girl with fluffy pink hair. She wore pajamas and sat there hugging her knees.

The girl glanced hesitantly at Ye Cang, exposing her face. Ye Cang's brows rose. She was indeed quite pretty. Taking out a beautiful dress and high heels, he walked over briskly. He roughly pulled her up and stuffed a handkerchief in her mouth. Against the aggressive Ye Cang, the girl didn't dare to move. She couldn't even bring herself to resist or scream. She fearfully watched as Ye Cang tore off her pajamas and put the clothes he brought on her.

Having helped her change, he forced her in front of the mirror. Then, he took out a pair of scissors, held them up to her eyes and said, "Don't cry and don't move, or I'll cut up your face..."

The girl was so scared that she quickly nodded, trying her best to hold back her tears. She watched as Ye Cang trimmed her hair and curled them a bit. He then put some powdery stuff on her face.

Ye Cang took out took some jewelry from her dressing table and put some on her. Finally, he made her stand up. He looked at the results, seemingly very satisfied, before retrieving the handkerchief from her mouth and letting her appreciate her own loveliness in the mirror. Seeing that she was staring blankly, he left the room with a smile and said, "It's done..."

Calata was stunned when he looked inside the room and saw his daughter dressed luxuriously. She faintly swayed while staring at her own beautiful reflection. He never thought that his daughter could be so beautiful after being dolled up. No one would deny it if she were called a princess. He happily patted Ye Cang on the shoulder and said, "I'm beyond thankful, Earl PaleSnow. Butler, bring Earl PaleSnow to my collection and let him choose an item..."
