---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 477"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 477: Fried Toad Sale

The referees assembled. FrozenCloud waited with the team. She turned and saw that Ye Cang had a popsicle in his mouth; who knows when he got it. He even held another one out to her, "Want one?"

FrozenCloud froze. She turned and saw Lin Le and Little Ye Tian straightforwardly sitting by the side and eating. *Hey, we're still in a competition!* 

"No need..."

FrozenCloud didn't even get to finish before Sun Xue threw a shot from beyond the three point line. FrozenCloud wanted to rush over but a shadow jumped up from the penalty line and grabbed the ball before it began to fall. Block and possession completed. The spectators all looked stunned. What was this!? Absolute defence!? Don't think of making a shot even from beyond the three point line? As for approaching the basket, one probably wouldn't even get the chance to jump before getting crushed and Zhang ZhengXiong wouldn't even need to jump.

FrozenCloud smiled bitterly, then took her popsicle and began to lick it.

Getting possession of the ball, Zhang ZhengXiong began to dribble and sprint. Luo Chao tried to intercept but was broken past in an instant by a few between-the-legs dribbles. Qin ShaoTian was also shocked. What kind of speed was that!? What kind of body could have such speed and coordination!?

In a few more steps, Zhang ZhengXiong once again jumped high and bombed the basket, making a violent sound. Sun Xue directly conceded defeat. There was simply no way to play.

In the end, Ye Cang's team obtained the spot. Qin ShaoTian's group was also added to their team as members.

Zhong Fei looked at Zhang ZhengXiong. This was simply a sports monster.

Ye Cang didn't bother with the other events. He brought his group back to their rooms. First they took a shower, then watched dramas. After finishing the episode of Sisters 2, he once again returned to the game and heard the ruckus in the city.

"Dark Caves! Currently on the old one! Looking for Plant User or Paladin! Those without patience don't bother! Those without ambition don't bother!!"

"Progress is so fast, they're already on the old one. Wait... the old one is?"

"The first monsters..."

"Eh, we are also fighting the old one. Those monsters are too abnormal, especially that swamp monster. Brother Hero and the freedom alliance aren't giving out guides either."

"There's no meaning even if you have a guide."

"True, but our team has already been wiped so many times. I heard that this other team is already fighting a boss. "

"Who is the first boss?"

"I hear it's a very abnormal fungus toad. That poison effect, without any antidotes, is simply guaranteed death."

Ye Cang heard the gossip and thought of an opportunity to make some extra money by crafting some poison resistance foods. Honestly, most of his ingredients were things like green slimes, which all provided impressive poison resistance. He took out the ingredients from the cart, then parked it at the trade district as a food truck. He took out a white board and wrote: "Poison resistance items. Must have for clearing instances." 

The players immediately flocked over. The first customer tried a bite, then collapsed on the ground foaming at the mouth. A few minutes later, he woke up, face pale. "The poison resistance is there but the taste..."

"Good medicine tastes bitter. You'll get used to it after once or twice..." Ye Cang said indifferently.

Very quickly, it was sold out. NalanPureSoul and LordAsked also sent messages over asking for large quantities of poison resistance food. Ye Cang straightforwardly headed towards the dark cave instance entrance and set up a stall. The surrounding dead fungus toads were also taken away by him. He even improved and created a fried toad meat wrap recipe. With the new recipe, his cooking experience continuously increased. Although everyone who ate it gave him a bad rating, it still sold out rapidly. Nearly every party would buy a few before entering.

In the second and third day of training, Ye Cang only showed his face before leaving back to his room and continuing his great cooking undertaking. He made a killing, taking nearly 2,000 gold away from the playerbase. Ye Cang never thought that his recipe of fungus toad and a bit of green slime would earn him so much. LordAsked even spent 50 gold to eat his 'Lazy Toad Wants to Eat Bagu Kagu Maggots and Slime Soup' set meal and was left on the verge of death.

When ThornyRose learned how much Ye Cang had earned, she gasped. 2,000 gold. This would allow him to dominate the market and more. The antidote makers also earned quite a bit but it was nothing compared to this. Ingredients for antidotes were uncommon, while looking at this food, it was obviously just toad meat plus some easily found edible materials.

However, all of his 2,000 gold earnings went into construction costs in order to expand the instance entrance's business. The fried toad meat sales were slowly diminishing. Ye Cang conveniently grabbed a stool and put up a sign. [Haircut, 50 silver]. Players all knew that his haircuts gave small percentage increases in stats so it gave rise to another craze. Basically every team would get their hair cut, buy some fried meat, then throw their life away in the instance.

When LordAsked left the instance and saw the barber sign, he broke out in cold sweat and went over to have his hair trimmed. It was an increase in stats after all and 50 silver wasn't much.

Ye Cang's barber experience continued to increase until it finally reached advanced level. The Barber skill upgraded to Stylist. Besides an increase in the hair styling bonus, when styling in general, accessories also provided extra attributes. It wasn't much though, at most 1%.

Although the village around Anya's shrine had not been completely built, but the functional buildings had already opened for business. All the materials and equipment obtained from the instance were being sold here. With the increase in trade and commerce, the area became much more prosperous. The Fermianna tribe's armory had also released some material gathering quests. The rewards from the armory made all the players very eager. Besides conquering the instance, they could also come to farm prestige.

Ye Cang sighed. His experience gain from these two days of making food and hairdressing wasn't low. Although it couldn't be compared to directly killing monsters but it wasn't considered slow either. He once again made a big pile of fried toad. Hairdressing-wise, he had basically sold all he could. Then he put away his scissors and tools, tidied up and had ThornyRose send someone to watch his booth. As for himself, he returned to Black Rock City because today there was an auction at the high-end auction house.

As an Earl and also a frequent customer, the guards were already familiar with him so they let him pass with a smile.

The receptionist knew that Ye Cang was an Earl of Black Rock City, a famous person in Marquis Azshara's faction, so inquired whether he wanted a private VIP room. Ye Cang shook his head and found a random spot in a corner.

The bits and pieces on display were all art pieces, which Ye Cang had no interest in. If little Ye Tian were around, she could probably pick out a few valuables but she was still needed over at Anya's. A book caught Ye Cang's attention. It wasn't even expensive; he bought it for about 10 gold. 'Master Reling's Introduction to Grappling Guidebook - Copy'.

>**Master Reling's Introduction to Grappling Guidebook - Foundation Level - Copy**  
Read to automatically learn some basic grappler skills.

Ye Cang examined the booklet in his hand and then put it in his bag, that was for Lil' Dino.
