---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 479"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 479: Exploring the Sinkhole

"East districts three legends..." Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and SpyingBlade broke out in cold sweat. They speechlessly thought of these three legends, who were basically just a flasher, a panty thief and a black-hearted devil.

Zuo Yiyi had an idea. She talked about her plan to hold a charity concert. When Ye Cang heard that it was for charity, he didn't oppose it.

"Just give the earnings to Lin Hai's orphanages..." Ye Cang said calmly. Lin Le remembered that his orphanage friends had all died in the disaster and became sad. Ye Cang reached out and patted his head. Due to various circumstances, they were all unlucky orphans.

Wu Na was very much in favor of this. She recalled the sadness and helplessness after losing her parents, but this place was like her second family. If possible, she wanted things to be like this forever. She pulled Lin Le and Little Ye Tian into her embrace. Fang Ci and Fang Tong also recalled the day that they had buried in their hearts.

SpyingBlade wasn't as moved. He had a normal family, both his parents were working class. However, he knew that besides himself and Zuo Yiyi, everyone else here was an orphan for one reason or another.

Zuo Yiyi smiled. Having been here for a while, she didn't know why but she really wanted to continue and stay. Feeling the comfortable atmosphere around Ye Cang and them, her heart felt warm.

Ye Cang conveniently notified Flasher Uncle and Panty Uncle, receiving positive replies. He turned to Zuo Yiyi, "While preparing, you can't slack off on your lessons. I will be supervising you..."

Zuo Yiyi silently nodded.

Once again returning to the game, Ye Cang gathered everyone to go to the sinkhole while a majority of other players had their attention on the instance.

Everyone assembled at the village by Anya's shrine. Ye Cang took out the chest of misfortune. "This is a chest, who wants to open it?"

Everyone froze. They couldn't help but cry out, "What did you say?!"

"I said this is a chest, which one of you wants to open it?" Ye Cang looked at everyone's expressions of disbelief and said seriously.

*Something is fishy.* That was everyone's first thought. They looked at the chest's description. *So that's what it is. Opening it is just summoning bad luck. Only like this would he pass it on to someone else. But that line that says 'the luckier one is, the more they will suffer upon opening
', Lin Le definitely can't open it. The one most suited to it is you!* 

"Team leader, why don't you open it yourself?" FrozenCloud inquired.

"Eh, if I open it with my divine hand, I'll definitely trigger the trap. My luck is the highest, so I definitely can't open it..." Ye Cang looked at his right hand and explained seriously.

Everyone once again froze. He was the one with the highest luck!? They couldn't help but roll their eyes and burst into laughter. Wu Na said with a smile, "Let's all vote for who opens it. I vote for Team Leader."

"Same," FrozenCloud agreed.

"Bro, though I didn't want to say it, but you're the most suitable..." Zhang ZhengXiong also cast his vote to Ye Cang.

SpyingBlade and Fang Ci also decisively cast their votes to Ye Cang. In the end, only Little Ye Tian voted for OldWangFromNextDoor.

Ye Cang sighed. He huffed in rage, "You guys, seriously. Fine, I won't say anything. Since you all want to destroy my divine hand, then I'll do as you wish! Satisfied!?"

Then he reached out and opened the chest.

"Congratulations, you've obtained the treasure of misfortune: Atos' Fang and 3 misfortune coins."

>**Atos' Fang *(Unique - Material)***  
A fang of the ancient devil Atos. An incomparably precious material!

>**Misfortune Coins**  
Can be used on slot machines to obtain additional prizes.

"Who knew that my divine hand could suppress the chest's bad luck and even get an extremely precious material. It seems like I underestimated my hand. Who knew that it was actually the hand of god, with the power to turn misfortune into fortune!" Ye Cang once again looked at his right hand and analyzed seriously.

Everyone shook their heads. *You're overthinking it. It's only because you're unlucky to the extreme that you could get anything. This chest is based on how unlucky you are.* Everyone now had a deeper understanding of the depths of his unluckiness.

As for the misfortune coins, everyone thought of the slot machine from last time. If they had these coins then, wouldn't they have three more chances to try!? They all looked at Ye Cang with conflicted expressions. Besides chests of misfortune, they definitely couldn't let him touch any other chest.

Ye Cang hummed a little tune as he brought everyone deeper towards the sinkhole. Faced with Ye Cang's happiness at learning that his divine hand had upgraded to god's hand, they all felt like they had cold water poured over them. However, to Ye Cang, their expressions appeared to be obvious jealousy.

Everyone passed by the swamp and arrived near the sinkhole. Ye Cang went to the side and looked down. Besides various vines and roots that followed the sinkhole downwards, all he could see was darkness. He ordered Little Blue Feather to fly down. Partway, he saw what appeared to be roosting bats. Then about two hundred meters down was the ground. He quickly had Little Blue Feather fly out and roughly explained the situation to everyone. Everyone grabbed the vines by the side and climbed downwards.

"Everyone be careful. Those bats will probably attack us." Ye Cang warned.

As they descended, they began to hear the flapping of wings. Everyone's hearts shook. They're coming! They each prepared for battle. Ye Cang wrapped his two legs around some vines, and hung upside while holding his two guns. He began to shoot. Lin Le took out molotovs, but was stopped by SpyingBlade, "Throw acid flasks. Don't throw molotovs, otherwise if you hit a vine, we're all dead."

Lin Le nodded and began to throw acid flasks downwards. Bats continued to drop under the assault of the acid flasks and Ye Cang's shooting. Wu Na saw the rapidly approaching bats and attacked with Chilling Wind. The one with the easiest time was Fang Ci's spirit, Bali. She flew around making area attacks. Second was the tigerkin Little Ren. He stepped off the cliff walls, leaping here and there while brandishing his blades. Many of the incoming bats were provoked by the rainbow light shooting from Zhang ZhengXiong's crystal armguard. Most became stunned and fell.

Tens of bats still flew past them. Wu Na's vine snapped. Ye Cang planned to have Little Blue Feather chase after her, but saw Little Ren leap off a wall towards her. It swung on a vine and caught her. 

Ye Cang sighed in relief. He continued to dodge the diving bats and shoot. This environment left the melee fighters feeling sullen. The mages were a bit better off. Although it was still difficult to cast spells, they at least had ranged attacks.

The bats within ten meters of them issued piercing screeches. Seeing Wu Na and the others becoming absent-minded and noticing their hands slowly loosening, Ye Cang quickly slapped the little drum at his waist, waking everyone from their daze. Wu Na and FrozenCloud quickly grabbed the vines just in time.

Ye Cang activated Anya's Berserk Shot, locking onto the remaining dozen or so targets, piercing all of them. Everyone made it out of the bat attack more scared than hurt.
