---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 480"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 480: Najas

Just as everyone relaxed, the hanging Ye Cang's pupils shrank. From below, two yellow specks were becoming larger and larger. It appeared that they had enraged a terrifying beast. It soon appeared within range of his night vision. An enormous bat emerged, bringing with it a rush of wind.

>**Dark Blood Bat Chief - Najas *(Intermediate Level Boss - Abyss)***  
Dark blood bats live in dark places. Extremely aggressive. Its two wings make very good crispy grilled wings.

Ye Cang shouted, "Careful, a bat boss!!"

Just as he said that, a noiseless soundwave blasted through the sinkhole making a high pitched explosion. Everyone was shaken, intimidated, stunned, deafened; various effects were inflicted. Besides Zhang ZhengXiong with his near immunity, the others all began to fall. Ye Cang instantly activated Swift Retreat and broke free, but he frowned upon seeing that his drum's cooldown still needed a while! He saw the bat chief Najas attack towards Wang.

Zhang ZhengXiong stomped off the cliff wall and activated Fearless Charge. He perfectly intercepted and crashed into Najas. Najas stopped for a moment, it's speed largely reduced. Zhang ZhengXiong was knocked away flying. With a backflip, he grabbed a vine. He then swung his axe and used its skill; a crescent chop shot out, leaving behind a spurt of blood. 

The tigerkin Little Ren let loose a tiger roar, forcefully removing the status effects. It started to leap downwards after the falling members. One by one they were caught and left on protruding rocks and vines. Little Blue Feather gradually woke up from the negative effects, spread its wings, and grabbed Wu Na, bringing her to the vines at the side. As for the one furthest down, when Little Ye Tian and Emergency Ration recovered to normal, Little Ration's bug wings emerged. One girl and one bug began to ascend.

As for Weak Sauce and the little tadpole, they were still outside the sinkhole. Although they couldn't see anything below, they still leaned over and cheered everyone on. Weak Sauce even gave the little tadpole smacks on the head when its movements weren't up-to-par. It showed off what cheering should be like, and began to shake its butt and wave its hands...

Most of them managed to escape danger but for some of them, it was hopeless. For example, OldWangFromNextDoor. Right now, he was at the bottom of the sinkhole, his head smashed into mush. He died in battle looking like a radish stuck in the ground.

Ye Cang saw that the ascending Najas only took out Wang, the rest of them were fine. However, the battle had only gone on for so long and this terrain made the soundwave basically undodgeable. It was as if they were in a pipe, the sounds continued to echo around. The earlier intimidation effect repeated again and again. Luckily, the strength became progressively weaker. Pulling out his ballista and summoning his shadow weapon - heavy crossbow, his two legs planted firmly on a protruding rock covered in vines, he aimed upwards. When he saw the bat begin to turn, he noticed signs of it preparing its sound wave attack again! If they let it happen once more, they wouldn't be left with many people! He looked towards the closest person, Zhang ZhengXiong. "A'Xiong! Think of a way to stop its attack!"

Zhang ZhengXiong lowered his stance. He activated the amplification device on his shoulder guards and his armguard began to release a milky white light. Suddenly, he punched forth and the white light instantly shot through the tunnel. Najas had its eyes burned by that bright light. It couldn't help but raise its head in pain when it was about to release its sound wave attack. Weak Sauce and the little tadpole watched as the sound blast brushed right past their noses from the sinkhole and they broke out in cold sweat. Under Weak Sauce's command, he and the little tadpole retreated a hundred steps before continuing to cheer.

Ye Cang closed his eyes and his ears wiggled. He locked on with Meteor Shot using his hearing. The instant the white light vanished, a spiraling meteor and a heavy bolt instantly pierced through the bat boss. Ye Cang quickly pulled out his shadow pike and waited for his chance. Watching the falling Najas, Zhang ZhengXiong also did the same. As it passed by, Zhang ZhengXiong executed his Barbaric Tackle to knock it in Ye Cang's direction.

Ye Cang jumped and performed a Dashing Straight Thrust + Shadow Frost Strike! He broke through its defence and caused an additional stun! Fluttering in the air like a butterfly, he landed on its stomach and performed a Flame Lotus + Multiple Straight Thrusts right in its mouth. Flowers of flame blossomed. Finally, a Straight Thrust + Precise Strike pierced through its throat. Stepping off its stomach, he jumped to another protruding rock and grabbed a vine while charging power into his pike with one hand. SpyingBlade held a sword in each hand. He saw through Ye Cang's plan, so he squatted like a hunter and waited for Najas to be hit towards himself. Dark Trials! Shadow Severing! Triple Strike!

Lin Le stepped off the stone. Sword Drawing Arts - Flash! Then in mid-air, Returning Dragon, Surging Dragon! While falling, he pursued and continued to attack! Finally, he summoned his handcart for a Handcart Home Run, blasting it into a rock wall. Smashing into the wall, it began to slide down the uneven surface, until it finally fell with a bam.

Ye Cang began to cast Flame Burst. He grasped with his flaming hands and retrieved his falling spear. FrozenCloud flew over with a Wyvern Kick, once again smashing it into the wall, then instantly followed up with a Collapsing Palm. Her body began to fall. Little Ren leapt by, grabbing her. It didn't forget to make a fierce cut with its other hand. Just as its tail passed by, Ye Cang's Flame Burst exploded.

Wu Na's Ice Spear shot out from the stone wall and pierced through it. Ye Cang quickly put away his pike and descended along the vines. While descending, he drew his two guns and began a continuous chain of attacks. Just as Najas recovered, before it could even realise what was happening, a black figure smashed into its head. It was Zhang ZhengXiong using Googoo's Leap Attack. From high above, Ye Cang watched as the shadow descended into the darkness.

"Congratulations, you've slain Dark Blood Bat Chief - Najas. Obtained 4000 experience."

SpyingBlade and the others sighed in relief. It was not that this boss was easy. Team Leader, Shaking Bear, and Lele's physical abilities were extremely good. Especially Team Leader and Shaking Bear. Their control while free-falling was something that he himself couldn't achieve. Most important was interrupting that fatal sound wave attack. In this kind of battlefield, falling only had one result, death.

Ye Cang's figure rushed downwards, making SpyingBlade's heart sink. *Not good, he's trying to steal the boss!* FrozenCloud pounced over, but caught nothing but air. Just as Ye Cang was about to reach the ground, a figure pounce over and held him to the ground. It was Zhang ZhengXiong, who had not died from the fall.

"So close. Luckily, the boss padded my fall, reducing 60% of the damage. Also lucky I activated a healing skill, otherwise I wouldn't only have died, Bro would have gotten the body." Zhang ZhengXiong spoke with a grin. From above, the rapidly descending SpyingBlade sighed in relief. Lin Le fell to the ground and instantly looted Najas' corpse.

"You two unfilial brothers. Thankless wretches..." Ye Cang said grudgingly.

"Bro, you just looted the chest of misfortune so it must have some effect on your hand. It's better to let it rest a bit first." Zhang ZhengXiong began to bullshit. Ye Cang stroked his chin. He listened to the gambler's logic and nodded, "Makes sense..."

SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud both didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He really had a gambler's mindset.
