---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 481"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 481: Boss Level Food is Terrifying

Zhang ZhengXiong resurrected the fallen Wang. Lin Le passed the loot over to Ye Cang. There was a dark gold ring and a pair of gold mage shoes.

>**Najas' Tooth *(Dark Gold - Abyss)***  
Category: Ring  
Requirements: None  
+30 Dexterity  
+5% Dexterity  
+5% Physical Lifesteal (Melee)  
+40 Armor Penetration  
Every successful hit will steal 5 health.  
>- Najas' Sonic Cannon:  
   Launch a sonic attack towards enemies in front. Deals 75 damage. Inflicts intimidate, stun and daze.  
   Cooldown: 30 Minutes.

SpyingBlade looked at the ring's attributes and was tempted. Lifesteal effects were very rare. Up until now, they had seen few items with it. He reached out to request for the ring. 

Ye Cang thought for a bit then handed it over. He gave the shoes to Fang Ci. Though FrozenCloud also wanted the ring but as the second tank, strength and constitution were more important than dexterity. For SpyingBlade it went like dexterity > strength > constitution. Overall, it would have been fine for either him or Ye Cang. Since Ye Cang was usually a ranged attacker, SpyingBlade was the better choice.

Ye Cang cleaned up the bodies on the ground, then sighed. "I was careless earlier and didn't make proper preparations..."

Saying that, Ye Cang watched as Weak Sauce slowly brought the little tadpole down, then sighed once again. His eyes flashed, "So... in order to make it up to everyone and to celebrate my promotion to master chef, I've decided to make a boss meal! Is everyone excited!?"

Weak Sauce arrived and shuddered, then started climbing back up. It was grabbed by Little Ye Tian and carried over like a doll. Weak Sauce could only shiver along with everyone else.

They watched as Ye Cang took out the toad boss, the bagu boss, the kagu boss, and the bat boss from just now. They immediately knew what dish it would be. It was even the powered up version. They all grabbed a vine, wanting to climb up and escape. Countless chills travelled along their spines.

"Even this slime gel is boss level! Isn't that luxurious!?" Ye Cang smiled and began preparation to stuff bosses into bosses. At the same time, he made some mushroom and slime soup as well as rice. He even added the fried eyes of an alligator boss. 

Everyone felt a chill travel along their spines. They couldn't even make a sound, only standing with their mouths agape. Little Ren and Little Blue Feather were both on the ground playing dead.

SpyingBlade watched as Ye Cang began the detailed process. He took out the toad bosses' guts and organs, and crushed them. He then took the bug viscera, bat innards, and mashed them all together into a paste like thing. He then added green slime boss's gel and began to stir. Next he added some spores and blended in some undead rotting flesh and stinky liquid. Fart smelling grass and wild mushrooms were tossed in as well while he continued to stir and stir. A part of it was poured back into the toad boss's mouth. Then some long and strange looking herbs were added in. Then, with the bitter faced Zhang ZhengXiong's help, he stuffed the bagu bug bosses body into the frog bosses mouth until it was nearly bursting. He then opened the bagu bug boss's mouth and poured in some of the boss innard and rotting fluid mix. After adding some mushrooms, he dragged the bat body over and stuffed it inside. Then he continued to open the bat bosses mouth and pour in the sauce. Finally after throwing in some mushroom and herb mix, he stuffed the kagu bug boss into the bat boss's corpse. He forcefully opened the squashed kagu bug's mouth and poured in the remaining sauce. He took out some large fish, gutted them and then sprinkled some of his secret seasoning, then forcefully stuffed them into the kagu bug's mouth. 

Everyone looked at the nearly 20 meter tall boss meal. It was crazy that the toad's mouth and stomach were still holding together. It looked like a patchwork creature whose mere appearance could make one's blood run cold. The so-called 'sauce' slowly dribbled out of those four open mouths. Ye Cang wiped the sweat from his forehead and then looked towards SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud, Lin Le, and Wang. "Come help me to roast it! This is a boss level feast! Hurry!"

Saying that, Ye Cang dragged the extremely unwilling group, including Wang's earth elemental, and propped the collosal thing between two stone pillars. Everyone looked amazed that Ye Cang actually carried around a 30 meter long metal rod! Zhang ZhengXiong broke out in cold sweat. *So this is why bro wanted me to make a long iron rod. If I had known, I would have just said I couldn't make it.* He recalled that he had also made a 50 meter long rod and laughed bitterly.

Ye Cang had pierced the thing and turned the natural terrain into a grill. Below it, he laid a big pile of wood, then had Lin Le throw molotovs to ignite it. On each side, stood two people, slowly rotating it as it roasted. When the grease and sauce dripped into the fire, seemingly witch-like screams were heard which shook their resolve further.

The four cooking assistants as well as Wu Na and the others below, watched as Ye Cang continued to make a soup and fried dish. Exuding confidence he hummed a little tune, but the dishes were already complete chaos. They glanced at the 'boss food', then back at his lush green smelly soup, as well as the two golden fried eyeballs, and gulped. Their backs were quickly drenched in cold sweat. One after the other, they moved to the wall and retched.

The food's scent began to strengthen. Everyone tightly pinched their nose and, closed their mouth and eyes. Even Ye Cang looked somewhat dazed.

The four assistants on the stone pillars even had thoughts of dying.

"Everyone persevere! A boss level delicacy is waiting for us!" Ye Cang shouted and cheered. He poured buckets full of seasonings onto the lumpy toad skin. A mud coloured sludge began to cover it, making the smell even more stimulating. Everyone could no longer take it. That wasn't all though. Ye Cang poured the oil which he had used to fry the eyeballs onto it, which made the sizzling sound as it dripped down. The originally stimulating smell seemed to instantly explode. The oils, juices, fluids, sauces and seasonings instantly formed into a demonic skull made of smoke. It seemed to sneer as smoke continued to cover the roasted toad.

"Congratulations, you've completed a peak master quality creation, cooking experience substantially increased! Obtained 2000 character experience! Please give it a name!" The system announced.

"Super - Toad Eats Bagu Bat Kagu and Slime Oil Splashed Juicy Roasted Smoked Meat..." Ye Cang named it while on the edge of consciousness, but his mind blacked out.

Everyone gasped. They hadn't even started eating and were already losing consciousness. One by one, they collapsed with hideous expressions.

>**Super - Toad Eats Bagu Bat Kagu and Slime Oil Splashed Juicy Roasted Smoked Meat**  
Eat to restore 5 health and 2 mana every second. Furthermore, receive +30 all attributes,+10% all attributes, +100 all resistances, +25 attack, +30 defence, +10% fortitude, +10% will, +15% movement speed, advanced level restraint (reduce consumption of skills and spells), advanced level burst (have a chance to burst forth with extra damage), advanced level toughness (improved survival ability) for 3 days.
