---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 483"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 483: Baked Spider

Ye Cang's words made everyone's brows furrow.

SpyingBlade dealt with the spider that nearly escaped from the flames while thinking. *If there are three bosses, then our only choice would be to let Lin Le act as the third tank. He wears heavy armor and his health is pretty decent. In any other team, he would have no problem being the primary tank. With his molotovs and flame blade, he is completely capable of restricting one. However, does Lele have the ability to tank?* This was what he worried about most. If Lele were to die, their situation would be like being on a snowy mountain peak in a hailstorm. No, not even a hailstorm would suffice to describe it. Without his molotovs controlling the area, things would be extremely difficult. The other two choices as third tank were team leader and he himself. In the end, it would be up to team leader to arrange, afterall, he himself wasn't the leader. Moreover, team leader's on-scene instructions were usually very outstanding, though he would never admit it.

"SpyingBlade, you pin one down. I'll replace you depending on the circumstances." Ye Cang said indifferently. SpyingBlade nodded. *That's right, he should first unleash his ranged skills then switch with me.*

Lin Le continued to madly throw molotovs. More and more spiders fell down from above them. Seeing the large number of iron web spiders that were on the verge of escaping the fire, Ye Cang reached out and pointed. Assenroche's finger. Arcane energy swept out, knocking, the group of spiders that were about to escape, back into the fire.

Zhang ZhengXiong spun, chopping in a large crescent, instantly cutting down tens more and injuring a large number. Over at Lin Le's side, things were even more simple, each slash took out one. If two came, he would kill two. If a crowd came, his handcart would smash forth and then he would continue guarding with Little Ren.

Wu Na wiped the sweat on her forehead. *Will me and Wang be useless every time?* She turned and looked at Wang, who was ordering around his earth elemental, seeming very lively. *F\*\*k, is it only me? Damn fire, making this ice mage so helpless. Let's wait for a chance to burst forth with damage. Save some mana in the meantime.* She held a molotov in her hand to defend against any sudden attacks.

Little Ye Tian vigilantly kept an eye on the top while healing at critical times during the battle. Her father's food effects were too powerful. If not for the food buffs, they wouldn't have been able to clear out these mobs so quickly. The effects of High Level Restraint were especially useful. At least it allowed her to save up to 30% of her mana.

Ye Cang activated rapid fire. His two guns began to overload as fire bullets shot out like rain, continuously reaping experience. He turned and Anya's Berserk Shot locked on to tens of targets on SpyingBlade's side. Bursts of bullets shot out, piercing through them. SpyingBlade's left and right longswords danced and reaped. The two of them worked together exceptionally well.

SpyingBlade saw that there weren't many left, so he quickly charged towards FrozenCloud's side to assist. Ye Cang dealt with the aftermath, cleaning up the leftovers. Finishing up, he turned to FrozenCloud and began to cast Chain Lightning. After a brief chant, his hands crackled with lightning, then a thick streak of lightning shot out like a whip at a spider which had nearly escaped from the fire. It then started to chain between the already weakened spiders in the fire. They instantly found themselves paralysed and unable to move, regardless of how FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade slaughtered them.

The number of spiders falling from the ceiling lessened. Ye Cang and the others knew that the boss fight was approaching.

Ye Cang turned a majority of his attention upwards. Within the darkness, he could see 20 meter large, enormous iron web spiders crawl out from the two sides. As for the one in the middle? While Ye Cang was watching doubtfully, a nearly 25 meter diameter large spider rapidly fell. 

"Careful! Incoming!!" Ye Cang quickly ducked into the fire.

A step too slow, Wu Na was instantly captured by the middle boss. The thick thread from its butt retracted, quickly pulling up into the distance. Ye Cang took a step and charged over with Dashing Straight Thrust, followed by a second. His pike directly stabbed into one of its compound eyes, exploding in a burst of shadow frost. Due to the pain, the enormous spider released the panic-stricken Wu Na. Little Ren caught her with a leap and brought her to the edge of the fire.

Ye Cang pulled out his pike. The two from the rock wall sprayed out spider webs towards him. He ducked and shadow stepped to Wu Na's position, avoiding the webs' clutches. Everyone stood by the edge of the fire. The moment a web shot towards them, they would jump into the flames.

Ye Cang identified the three spiders. From left to right, they were Vegalia, Vegaza, Vegakes. Their abdomen and the thread within were top-quality ingredients.

With its eyes seriously injured, Vegaza looked towards the people by the fire and issued an angry screech. The webs of the three spiders would be burned the moment they approached the fire. Ye Cang, Fang Ci, Wu Na and Wang took advantage of this time to launch a ranged assault. The melee fighters were in charge of guarding against any potential sneak attacks.

Under Ye Cang's instructions, their firepower was focused on the already wounded middle one. It was like a hanging punching bag, being attacked by their focused assault. It was already considering retreating upwards. The spiders on the two sides angrily hissed towards the people by the fire. Lin Le continued to replenish the sea of flames. In the ring shaped space, only a small circle in the middle didn't have fire. Everyone stood at the edge of said area.

The moment Ye Cang saw they were going to jump, he readied a Light Strike Array. The spell blasted from the wall behind Vegalia on the right. The flames burst out from left to right, shooting in a straight line through all three, causing them to simultaneously fall into the sea of fire, making them shriek miserably. Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud immediately charged into the flames at them. SpyingBlade also moved up to control one. With their high resistance, the fire damage could be restrained to a certain extent with Little Ye Tian's help. Ye Cang knew that the annoying webs had been sealed, so he quickly pulled out the ballista in his bag and summoned his shadow weapon - heavy crossbow. While preparing a meteor shot, he looked towards Vegakes who wanted to climb back up the wall. A spiralling shot arrived in an instant, nailing it down into the flames. The heavy crossbow's queen bee bolt also pierced through it. Although the greater part of the poison damage was resisted, the crossbows still dealt extremely terrifying damage. One only had to listen to the miserable bug cry to know.

Ye Cang looked at the people in the fire, dealing with the bosses, and calmly drew his dual-pistols. He began to change the crystals, sighing at how this weapon burned through money. Each fire crystal cost at least a few gold. It was a lot cheaper to shoot magic crystals. Pushing a button, the two crystals fell to the ground and he inserted new ones. Then he threw the nearly empty crystals into his bag. He turned and saw that beside him, Wu Na was standing there with nothing to do, "Learn a few more wind spells. It should be able to match up well with fire. When we return to the city, I'll keep an eye out at the auction."

Wu Na nodded. She was an ice/wind hybrid spellcaster, not just pure ice. However, it had been a long time since they last saw a wind spell. She watched as FrozenCloud crouched, then with a spin, her leg swept out. Sweeping Wind - Kamaitachi! It created a super cool looking fire tornado. Then she saw Lin Le leap to the boss that Zhang ZhengXiong had knocked up and toss a molotov in its mouth. She broke out in cold sweat as she watched the boss spit out fire and fall to the ground unconscious.
