---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 484"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 484: Giant Water Underworld Slime

SpyingBlade thought to himself, luckily the fire completely restrained them. The webs were practically useless, otherwise 'a tough battle' wouldn't be enough to describe it. Their party already leaned towards close range combat. If the three bosses were to shoot their webs, the fight would be over. Their weapons were already helpless against the normal spider webs let alone the boss level ones. Their only weakness was fire.

SpyingBlade recalled how useful Lin Le's Molotovs had been ever since Really New Village. It had restrained many bosses through terrain or attributes.

Fang Ci saw that the three bosses wanted to shoot their webs at the wall and escape, but the sprayed webs were ignited by the fire. He saw one of them throw off Brother Xiong, but was quickly pinned down through its head by a shadow pike. He turned and saw Ye Cang shoot out an Explosive Bullet towards it, not giving it any chance to escape the fire.

The deaths of the three spiders were announced. They all retreated out of the fire, staying vigilant against Ye Cang, ready to intercept. Lin Le looted them one by one, while Zhang ZhengXiong continued to use the excuse of overtaxing his hand to console Ye Cang. 

The three bosses provided three pieces of dark gold equipment and another three pieces of gold equipment, a pretty good harvest. Ye Cang distributed the items. The dark gold mage's shoes were given to Fang Ci. The gold cape went to Wang. The dark gold strength/constitution necklace to FrozenCloud. The gold weapon was pasted with a price-tag. No one needed the other dark gold dagger, so it was also thrown in the cart. As for the final gold item, it was a pair of mage gloves. They were directly given to Wu Na. They had a supplementary spider web ability, which was extremely useful. It could be used to save her life or to restrict an enemy.

Little Ye Tian analysed and concluded that this triple bossfight hadn't been difficult. There were two main causes. One was the topography. The second was the food's stat buffs. Four types of food buffs along with a set effect was basically equivalent to everyone having an extra three dark / black gold equipment, resulting in a large increase in power. However, at great cost... recalling that taste, her little forehead was immediately covered in sweat, wetting her hair.

Everyone watched as Ye Cang hummed a tune and cleaned up the numerous corpses of various sizes. His speed at gathering the threads left their scalps numb. Wu Na gathered her courage and asked curiously, "What is that web for...?"

"Thread for tailoring or noodles." Ye Cang's words made everyone afraid. *That toughness, are you sure it's chewable!?* They continued to watch as he carefully stored away the three bosses abdomens, wishing they wouldn't have to eat it. But in their hearts, they knew the impossibility of their wish.

Everyone rested for a while. After healing up, they continued exploring deeper into the depths. Surprisingly, there was light at the end of the wide tunnel. Following the tunnel, Ye Cang went ahead to investigate. His eagle eyes saw that in front of them was a very big underground lake. The cave ceiling was lined with light crystals. There were blue, green, yellow, red, and even pink ones. There were also many exposed ore veins containing uncommon ores. Ye Cang was unable to estimate the size of this underground lake because he couldn't see the end of it, thus it must be a large lake. There were no signs of life by the shore.

Ye Cang motioned for everyone to come. Little Ye Tian began to evaluate it, but shook her head. "I can't figure it out. But we're already very deep underground." 

She noticed the flow of the lake and frowned. *Eh!?* "Father, can you see if there is flowing water at the bottom..."

Ye Cang dove into the water like a fish and rapidly swam down. He saw that underneath where the others were was an underwater tunnel. The water flowed extremely rapidly. He quickly returned to shore and stomped on the ground, "Underneath us is an underwater tunnel..."

"Then this isn't an underground lake, but an underground river. Brother A'Xiong, father, gather the resources here. Afterwards let's take the boat to check out the other side." Little Ye Tian pointed to the opposite shore veiled in darkness.

Ye Cang took out their portable steamship and installed a new magic crystal into it, then began to mine with Zhang ZhengXiong. The crystals on the ceiling weren't very valuable as they would lose their light once they left, and their existence increased the party's health and mana regeneration considerably, so they weren't harvested. They harvested the mithril, thorium, shadow ice crystals and other precious materials.

Little Ye Tian sailed the ship, travelling while recording on her map. She calculated their position and deduced the direction to sail to. In her head, she would never lose her sense of direction. A compass may fail and stop working, but she wouldn't. 

Everyone silently travelled for two days! They even protected the boat from scattered demon beasts. Finally, everyone arrived at what appeared to be a large underground waterfall. The waterfall looked magnificent, the force sending water splashing up very high. It was hard to imagine just how high into the darkness it went.

Little Ye Tian furrowed her brows and accurately noted the position on her map, then looked up alarmed. *Isn't this that place!?*

Ye Cang ordered Little Blue Feather to fly up. As it circled higher, a familiar feeling overcame it. He also recognized this place. Returning from Little Blue Feather's sight, he said calmly, "This is near White Stone City. It was that place we didn't dare go last time."

Little Ye Tian was delighted. "If we can connect to the top, then establishing a village near Anya's shrine will only be a matter of time and money!"

"Is that possible?" SpyingBlade faintly raised an eyebrow.

"Easy. I'll design a boat lifting device. The design will be very simple, something I can accomplish at my current level! Leave this to me!" Little Ye Tian said confidently. 

FrozenCloud sighed. *Having a high IQ was so unfair! What we think is impossible, is only a minor problem for her.* She turned and looked at Lin Le, then sighed again. *A minor problem for me is probably like a magic spell from another world to him.*

Ye Cang saw a big bubble rising outside the boat, obviously very strange. Feeling something wrong, he called out, "Little Tian! Back up the boat! At once! Don't stop!!"

Little Ye Tian quickly activated the magic crystal at full capacity to rush backwards. An explosion of water just brushed past the side of the boat, pushing it far away. An enormous, round, super gelatinous creature appeared before everyone's eyes. While the boat rocked, Zhang ZhengXiong broke out into cold sweat. *My bro's favorite gel seasoning creature has appeared.*

Ye Cang identified it.

>**Giant Water Underworld Slime *(High Grade Boss - Abyss - Slime)***  
A rarely seen genus in the slime family. Only underground in deep water will one find traces of it. Extremely strong attack. It's slime core is an extremely rare treasure!  
***Weakness Identification Successful***  
The creature doesn't fear fire or water. Earth and its subtypes deal fatal damage to it. Electricity can also deal heavy damage and ice can slow it down.  

Ye Cang quickly shared its weaknesses. SpyingBlade raised his brows. Earth and electricity were effective. Ice can cause slow. He decided to swap his weapons for an earth element hatchet and a lightning element dagger.

Lin Le quickly removed the three fire crystals, putting them away carefully, and inserting three earth crystals. His arm guard immediately thickened. One could vaguely see a layer of brown dust around his weapon.
