---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 485"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 485: Water Cannon Bombardment

Little Ye Tian pushed the steamship to retreat without rest. The enormous slime chased after them. It looked like an incoming tidal wave. Ye Cang also swapped the fire crystals in his gun for earth crystals and began to shoot. Large damage numbers continuously popped up. Zhang ZhengXiong silently held a tiny earth element dagger in reverse grip. SpyingBlade and Lin Le lowered their stances, ready to engage in melee at any time.

"Test and see how physical damage affects it..." SpyingBlade proposed. 

Lin Le simply threw out a superior quality longsword, then pouted, "5 damage."

SpyingBlade froze. He had nearly forgotten that Lele had a hidden weapons unique skill. If one was not careful, they would easily get taken out by this move of his. Only five points though. Although it had to do with the weapon's quality, but this boss probably didn't fear physical attacks. Everyone noticed this.

"Sister Nana, pay attention to the timing. Don't cast continuously. Try to space your spells out so the slow will stop it from catching up to us." Little Ye Tian reminded. Here, the only ones who could cast ice spells were Nana and the vulgar Wang. However, it would be a waste not to use Wang's earth elemental, so they could only depend on Sister Nana to restrict it.

"I know." Wu Na first cast a Cone of Cold, slowing the slime down. The steamship managed to widen the distance but it quickly caught up again. She quickly cast Ice Shards, slowing it down again. Ye Cang would also cast Ice Shards from time to time to give her time to refresh her cooldowns.

So they continued to kite it like this while dealing damage at range. Wang ordered his earth elemental to throw out boulders, dealing considerable damage.

"Choo choo!!" The enormous slime made an angry sound. It seemed to be getting bigger and bigger, as if it was absorbing water. 

Little Ye Tian's nerves were stretched taunt. This should be some sort of ultimate move. They had to dodge it! What was it!? She began to rapidly calculate and prepare. *Water cannon!? Tidal Wave!? It's approaching the critical time! It's body can't possible increase past three times its original size!* 

The boat was slowing down and approaching a corner. *It's coming!* She saw water shoot out of its mouth like a cannon! She turned the corner at top speed!

Everyone watched as an enormous blast of water shot past the corner, hitting some rocks, blasting them apart and sending them flying. So close! Even having dodged it, the enormous pressure still left the boat rocking violently. If they were hit, they would definitely be sent back to town.

Little Ye Tian didn't dare to stop. She approached the next bay corner, slightly slowing down and waiting for it to appear. Ye Cang shouted out a warning, "It's coming again!"

Little Ye Tian immediately pushed the magic crystal to run at full power, once again dodging the water cannon. "Father! Add in more magic crystals! We have to maintain the power at above 40% to be fast enough!"

Ye Cang quickly quickly threw his two guns to FrozenCloud, "You use them. Give them back to me later!"

FrozenCloud received the two guns and looked vigilantly to their rear. Ye Cang began to pour magic crystals into the apparatus. 20%, 25%, it continued to increase.

"Team Leader! The boss has caught up! Hurry!!" FrozenCloud yelled, then began to shoot.

Little Ye Tian saw that the water cannon was about to shoot. There just happened to be a stone pillar nearby. She sailed, as if drifting, to the back of the pillar. The water cannon blasted the pillar. Luckily, the pillar's base was sturdy and was able to obstruct the water cannon. The top part of the pillar was knocked far away by the powerful pressure. The steamship rocked violently.

Ye Cang loaded the motor up to 45%. Little Ye Tian began move quickly, passing by another corner, dodging once again.

Ye Cang called Fang Ci over and dropped a bunch of magic crystals on the ground. "You load the motor. I'll go keep watch!"

Saying that, he left the ship's hold and arrived on deck. FrozenCloud tossed the two guns back. Ye Cang reached out and grabbed them, then jumped onto the top of the boat. Seeing the slime becoming smaller and smaller, he sighed in relief. The water cannon also gradually weakened. Although it was still powerful but not as terrifying as the ones from before and was now much easier to dodge.

"Around the next corner, stop the boat and take it out! Wang, control your earth elemental to jump to the shore. Lele, SpyingBlade, you two go as well. The moment you see the boss, jump on it and go all out! FrozenCloud, you guard the boat. Nana, you are in charge of slowing it down. Find a chance to stun it with a Boulder Strike. We've already used up so much time, it's about time we finish it off..." Ye Cang examined the topography and saw that there was a chance at the next turn. He quickly issued these orders. Everyone nodded and went to get ready.

The boat approached the bend. Lin Le leapt onto a pillar and held his blade on standby. The earth elemental crouched by the edge of the shore. SpyingBlade stood on the earth elemental's shoulder and prepared. Little Ye Tian docked the boat by the shore and walked out of the pilot cabin. 

Ye Cang and Wu Na simultaneously extended their hands covered in frigid air and began to cast. The enormous slime charged at them angrily but what greeted it was an Ice Spear as well as tens of Ice Shards which left it in a half frozen and slowed state. The earth elemental leaped and landed on its body, dealing a large amount of damage. Lin Le reached out and began to cast a spell with the earth crystals. An enormous stone sword dropped from the sky, stabbing through it, causing stun. His brown dusted giant blade began to swing wildly, attacking all out. SpyingBlade also brandished his weapons, doing his best to deal a burst of damage. He activated his two weapons' skills simultaneously. Crushing stone and shocking electricity simultaneously shot out. Wu Na's Boulder Strike also smashed into it.

Little Ye Tian saw that the slime had been stunned, so quickly re-entered the pilot cabin. She controlled the boat to approach. With the boat as a springboard, everyone unleashed their final storm of attacks. Looking at the nearly dead enormous slime, everyone sighed in relief but just at that time, the enormous slime exploded, becoming tens of meter large lumps of water. The deck, the top of the boat and the shore; they were everywhere.

"It's divided! Kill the spawns! Don't let them assemble together!" SpyingBlade had met this type of boss before. Normally, there were three possibilities. 1, the main body escapes. 2, they split up to attack. And 3 is they split up to revive!

Lin Le killed them with one slash each. Little Ye Tian planned a route for everyone, directing them like a group of pacmen. In the end, they managed to kill them all. Ye Cang saw that there were corpses everywhere and his red eyes showed hesitation. Which one should he loot!?  He had to pick the one with equipment!! Just as he was about to loot one, Lin Le called out happily, "Bother Lil' White, the boss dropped a black gold ring and a skill book."

Ye Cang looked at him suspiciously, "How did you know which corpse had things?"

"I didn’t know. I picked one randomly." Lin Le replied.

"Any one is fine. This sort of dividing boss, unless it has a main body, then looting any one is fine." SpyingBlade shrugged and said. 

Ye Cang turned away and clicked his tongue unhappily. *Should have said so earlier!* Turning to look at the water's surface, he saw two one meter diameter, pure and beautiful, light blue slime eyes. He jumped down to gather them, then collected the rest of the floating slime gel before distributing the equipment.

>**Giant Water Underworld Slime Ring *(Black Gold - Slime)***  
Category: Ring  
Requirements: None  
+40 Constitution  
+30 Wisdom  
+5% Constitution  
+5% Health  
+20 Defence  
Recovers 1 mana every 5 seconds  
Recovers 2 health ever 5 seconds  
Received damage reduced by 30.  
>- Water Cannon:  
   Activate to shoot a blast of high pressured water at a target in front of you, blasting it away and dealing 100 water damage.  
   Cooldown: 10 minutes
