---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 487"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock, yhashtur"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 487: Massive Vein

Black Peaks, Mallows' shrine.

Ye Cang intimately summoned the three goddesses to descend. The first thing he heard were complaints about Anya's prosperity, just as he expected.

"The area around Anya's shrine is extremely suited for establishing a city, so I hope you can all move your shrines over there. Of course, we will reconstruct your shrines there, and they will be much larger than they are now. Your believers will also increase substantially and the entire city will be built with the three of you at its heart..." 

Ye Cang's words made Anya stand out and say seriously, "Just me is enough. The two of them will one day become prosperous too. It is only a matter of time, there is no need to be together. As for establishing the city, I completely support it. Feel free to go ahead..."

When Mallows and Jam heard Anya's 'all words and no action tone', they began to look at her as if looking at a little sl\*t.

"Don't even think about monopolizing it..." Mallows walked up with a trace of a smile and pinched Anya's face while laughing coldly. She was exuding the aura of an evil-step-sister

Jam grabbed Anya's hand and showed an innocent smile. With a voice as sweet as an idol's she said, "Sister, we should share the profits. Aren't we sisters? Sir PaleSnow, we agree."

Ye Cang shrugged. Who would have thought they would be so agreeable. "Then it's decided. I'll have the people in charge begin work."

The moment Ye Cang walked out the door, the sound of wrestling could be heard behind him. He muttered to himself, "They're so close..."

Then, Ye Cang notified Little Ye Tian of their approval. Little Ye Tian started phase one of the plan. First, would be to build the epic shrines. She had personally drawn the blueprints and a prototype had quickly taken shape. The funds she assigned with a flick of the pen were horrifying, but their profits from the new pier's operation could balance it out, let alone the fact that they still had the goddess association, Happy Firmament General Store and Thorns and Roses' Auction House which had started business. Every day, a large amount of capital came streaming through. It seems like around Black Rock City and White Stone City, wanting to devalue gold wouldn't be easy. It's value would even rise in the near future.

Little Ye Tian calculated their earnings. They had enough to build these things, but it would be best to have a bit more wealth. She suddenly recalled the mines in Callor Hills. Now was the time to expand them. According to her estimates, there should be at least five other magic crystal veins. She recalled the mining machine that was still sitting in their warehouse. However, one wouldn't be enough. They needed to buy a few more and hire workers.

Little Ye Tian arrived at the grocery store and found Granny Rica to see if there were any professional miners. Learning that they were easy to find and employ, she told Ye Cang of her plans.

"Little Tian, go to Marquis Azshara's manor and ask if he can help us obtain more mining machines and other instruments." Ye Cang was currently travelling through Black Peaks, heading back towards Anya's Shrine for a look and to visit the sinkhole.

"Understood, father." Little Ye Tian ended the call and arrived at the marquis' manor. Learning that the marquis was at the pier, she set off on her journey and arrived at the underground pier. Nowadays, it had already become famous, getting the name Black Rock Pier. The middle stop was called Black White Rift and the one by White Stone City was White Stone Pier. As for the final sinkhole stop's name, it was still being discussed.

Azshara heard that they wanted some mining machines and asked doubtfully, "It's not a problem, but what are you going to do with it?"

"Callor Hills should still have some ore veins. We're planning to continue mining them." Little Ye Tian briefly replied. Azshara's brows rose. He recalled that Callor Hills had been abandoned. After the first vein, they had dug very deep without finding anything. It had already been included into the list of abandoned mines. He recalled that Little Mar's batch of magic crystals had come from a mini vein. It seemed like the empire had been careless. But it was all in the past, so he didn't say anymore. 

"30% of the mined crystals go to the empire, the rest is up to you, but you definitely cannot sell it to an enemy country. If it is discovered, you'll be accused of treason and receive the death penalty. You must definitely be careful. This is my writ, you can directly head to the military to pick up the machines."

"Thank you Marquis Azshara..." Little Ye Tian performed a knight's salute, then took the writ and left.

"This girl's temperament is just like that kid's." Azshara faintly smiled, then continued to oversee the construction of the naval base.

Little Ye Tian brought over 100 professional miners along with the machines and hurried over to Callor Hills. Looking at the map, the pier was located to the southwest, while the mine entrance was located to the south. She predicted that the ore-vein would be to the southeast. Arriving at the mine entrance, she first examined the sign which said 'Private Property, do not enter.'

Little Ye Tian calculated based on the location of the previous mini vein and finally brought everyone to a place to begin tunnelling. After an entire day of full speed digging, a tens of meters tall wall of magic crystal was exposed by the tunnel. Countless raw ores and crystals glittered within it. A veteran miner driving a mining machine had nearly lost his voice at the sight. "My god, thi-this... such a massive magic crystal vein. The empire actually gave up on this place? This magic crystal vein will be enough for Black Rock City to use for, eh, I don't even know how many years..."

Still at the pier southwest of Callor Hills, when Marquis Azshara heard that it was an enormous vein, he gasped. He originally expected it to be another mini-vein, who would have thought it would be so enormous! He quickly called some people to the scene. Seeing the beautiful crystal wall tens of meters high, and this was only the portion that was exposed, he knew Ye Cang's group had earned big this time, even after giving away 30%. With the pier and the magic crystal vein, Black Rock City was also about to enter a period of prosperity. He turned and looked at Little Ye Tian, who was calmly directing the mining process. This girl was also a lucky charm. Although this news couldn't be completely hidden, they could still announce it as just a large ore vein.

Since there were already existing minecart rails, they very quickly connected to the existing system to continuously extract and transport the ore. They had formally opened for business. The sentry towers were once again lit. Azshara even created three new watchtowers and assigned some guards to the entry points of the hill to prevent trespassing.

Little Ye Tian returned to Black Rock City. They needed someone trustworthy to watch over that area, so she contacted Ye Cang. Ye Cang thought of Thorns and Roses, but changed his mind. Currently, Granny Rica would be the best choice but she was getting on in age. The Happy Firmaments Grocery as well as the Goddess Association were already keeping her busy and she still had to look after Jesse. He suddenly recalled the Fermianna tribe leader Lianna; Anya's trusted clanswoman; an elder of the goddess association. *Right, isn't there still her?* He quickly had Little Ye Tian go to the Goddess Association's manager training class.

Little Ye Tian arrived at the manager training class and saw a group of tutors receiving brainwashing. She called Lianna over. Lianna knew that this was a matter of great importance. She was moved by Ye Cang's trust in her and quickly set off to Callor Hills to oversee the scene.

Little Ye Tian stretched lazily, then left for her own laboratory to play around.

Ye Cang passed by the dark cave instance. It was as packed as before. His own booth was still thriving. Nodding satisfied, he left for the sinkhole. There were platforms being built around it. It seemed like construction for the lifting machine had already begun. He walked over to a small platform and saw Little Mar drinking while talking to a worker.
