---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 489"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 489: Ocean Abyss

Ye Cang roughly learned about Sand Sea Village. It was so boring he nearly fell asleep. It was the very image of a remote little village, nothing special. From time to time, a desert tribe traveller will accidently make their way here. Little Ye Tian took out her map and roughly marked out the border. This was still within the borders of the Planetary Empire, so Sand Sea Village naturally belonged to it.

Ye Cang informed the chief that he would have Black Rock City send someone here with supplies every year, which greatly increased his reputation with the village.

Little Ye Tian arrived at the seaside and compared it to the holy church's rough maps. The sea here should lead into an unknown area. After an unknown amount of time, one might be able to reach Farsarqi Seaport. However, such a big unknown area, why had no one explored it?

"Sir Chief, what is this unknown sea area?" Little Ye Tian pointed to the map and asked.

"The Ocean Abyss, the sea monsters there are extremely powerful and the area is guarded by sea giants and deep-sea fishmen. No one can pass through it without their permission." The old chief Mocha replied. He looked at Little Ye Tian and smiled, "So young and already a knight of the holy church, really amazing."

Little Ye Tian shook her head modestly. 

Lin Le looked over and said unhappily, "Tsk, I'm one of the three hands of the chamber of commerce, general manager of the debt-collection department."

Night gradually fell. Everyone sat around a fire on the beach, gazing at the boundless sea and the stars. It almost felt like reality.

"I've decided! We're going to pass through Ocean Abyss to Farsarqi!" Ye Cang suddenly got up and pointed to the distance. Everyone sighed. They weren't sure about the sea giants, but with their Team Leader's reputation amongst fishmen, perhaps he could receive their friendship. No forget about friendship, as long as they were allowed to pass, it would be fine. However, just thinking about going to such a dangerous place so early in the game, everyone felt a bit nervous but also a bit excited.

The next day, everyone bade farewell to the village chief, then sat on their steamship and sailed towards Farsarqi. Giant sea serpents, giant octopus, they dealt with them one after the other. Since the two were both afraid of fire, they were burnt miserably by molotovs and forced to retreat into the water. Then Ye Cang would pursue them and take them out, displaying the power of his fishman title. 

The sea became an increasingly darker shade of blue as they progressed. The little steamboat was like a leaf floating on the big ocean. Ye Cang looked to the distance where a few 'people' were sitting on some huge reefs. Seeing a boat, they swam over with weapons in hand. Little Ye Tian estimated that they were at least a few thousand meters away. According to that scale, these people must be at least 20 meters tall. Everyone gasped, then quickly sailed at top speed towards deeper seas. Ye Cang hurriedly dumped magic crystals into the boat. Who wants to be caught by those things!

"Luckily the boat is pretty fast at escaping..." FrozenCloud watched as they gradually threw off the giants.

A few days later, after a few more thrilling chases, they arrived at the center of the Ocean Abyss. They saw that from the distance, an enormous white bird was flying over. Little Ye Tian estimated that it had to be at least 300 meters large! What in the world was that!? Ye Cang identified it.

>**Sea God Bird - Logia *(Holy Beast - Ocean Abyss)***  
An Oceanic Holy Beast who roams the Ocean Abyss. Mild-natured but catastrophically destructive when angered. It's meat is a godly item among bird meats while its liver is a delicacy rarely seen in the human world. In all, its whole body is a treasure.

"It's a holy beast. It's got the word god in its name..." Ye Cang's words made everyone gasp. They were only level friggin 20 and had already met a wandering holy beast. Hopefully it wasn't the sort to eat on sight, otherwise they would definitely be sent back to town.

SpyingBlade saw that it had no intention to attack and let loose a sigh. He turned to see Ye Cang pulling out his ballista, aiming with shaky hands. The sigh he just released was once again sucked back in. He quickly pounced over, "Team Leader! Are you insane!?"

Everyone saw Ye Cang's actions and quickly held him down.

"It's a holy beast! A body full of top-quality treasure and it will definitely have a godly artifact! With my divine hand, I might even get a super godly artifact! Super super godly artifact! Super super super godly artifact!" Ye Cang watched with red eyes as his golden goose flew off, leaving behind a gust of air which nearly capsized their little boat. It was as if a storm was blowing.

Everyone had trouble even standing with the gale blowing against them. *Just flying by nearly capsized our boat. Fight my ass!* Everyone held down the slowly calming Ye Cang.

"Because of you all, we missed a chance to obtain a godly artifact..." Ye Cang turned away and sighed, muttering complaints.

Everyone silently returned to minding their own business and they continued to travel carefully.

An island gradually came into view. They became even more careful as they approached. Ye Cang even leapt into the water, watching out for any underwater activity. As they got closer, Ye Cang saw a couple of dark-blue skinned fishmen flying through the water. They were three meters tall and carried harpoons and spears in their hands. Ye Cang quickly shouted, "Mmmrrglllm!!"

The fishmen heard him and surfaced from the water. Ye Cang also surfaced. Everyone watched as Ye Cang talked with their leader, a tall fishman. A few of the fishmen jumped onto the boat, looking around. Confirming something, Ye Cang turned back and said, "Go ashore..."

Little Ye Tian stopped the boat by the shore. The fishmen brought everyone to a nearby sea cave. As they went deeper, they could tell that it was the fishmen's habitat. A nearly ten meter tall fishman carrying a giant blade came out from the biggest tunnel. It had a mouth full of sharp teeth and an extremely grim expression. Looking at Ye Cang, it grinned and said, "Mmmm Mrrrggk! Alabachia! Kaka!!"

Ye Cang walked over towards an injured fishman laying down on the ground. His hand shone with the soft watery light of a healing stream and the fishman very quickly recovered its vigor. It spoke thankfully to Ye Cang, "Mglrmglmglmgl! Kaka!"

"I understood one word, 'thanks'..." FrozenCloud said. From back when they were grinding fishmen prestige in Really New Village, they all learned a few common phrases but every tribe’s language was a bit different.

The fishman boss was extremely happy upon seeing Ye Cang's impressive Healing Stream. It rushed over and pulled Ye Cang deeper into the cave, anxiety apparent on his face.

Half a day later, everyone saw Ye Cang come out holding a staff embedded with a black pearl. He walked out step by step, then raised the staff glowing with a faint black magical light, his expression solemn.

"Mmmm Mrrrggk! Alabachia! Mrgk!!! Mrgk!!!" The fishman boss raised its giant blade and shouted.

The group of elite fishmen raised their weapons and joined in.

The party watched as the fishman boss spoke a few words with a big grin. The group of fishmen began to start a fire, preparing many huge shellfish and something that looked like a giant head. It looked just like one of the giants that had been chasing them before. This... They were completely baffled. What happened?
