---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 490"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 490: Fishman Shaman

The fishman boss and Ye Cang sat together, exchanging a few words. Ye Cang started laughing, patting the fishman's shoulder familiarly. He then started walking back to the group with a belly full of laughter. Sitting down with them, he began to eat some clam meat, "So good. Delicious. You all try it..."

"......" Everyone's chest tightened. *This is the first thing you do when you get back!?*

"What's going on!?" Wu Na asked, dumbfounded.

"Oh, it told me a really funny joke. It goes like this. Once there was a fishman with a mushroom growing out of its head... it..." Speaking till there, he was stopped by Wu Na's glare. Shrugging his shoulders, he said calmly, "It's nothing much. I'm now the Alabachia tribe's great shaman and got worshipped prestige. Earlier in there was Abado's daughter, Ababy, who got stepped on by a sea giant and her head wouldn't stop bleeding. The original great shaman is too old and was also on his dying breath. Before passing on, it accepted me as a fishman shaman, teaching me quite a few skills."

*This is nothing much!?* Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and SpyingBlade all gasped.

"We might need to stay here a few days because if I leave, this place won't have a shaman anymore. Before passing on, the old fishman shaman asked me to train some talented fishmen. Once I finish, I'll be able to leave." Ye Cang continued to add, then got up and spoke to Abado, pointing at the party, "Mmmm, mrgl, rrgrr!"

"Congratulations, your prestige with the Alabachia tribe has become respected!" Everyone immediately received this system message.

After the celebration, Ye Cang brought everyone to his 'room (cave)' to rest. 

Ye Cang showed his newly obtained skills and talents to everyone.

>**Fishman Shaman Ritualist *(Class Talent - Shaman)***  
Increase effects of water type magic by 35%, intelligence by 20% and will receive maximum respect from any fishman tribe. Most water-type factions will no longer take the initiative to attack you.

>**Underwater Breathing *(Fishman)***  
Can breath underwater.

>**Water Source Totem *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Instantly summon a water source totem. Friendly targets within range will recover 4 health every 3 seconds, 2 mana every 5 seconds, and gain +10% spell power and +5% spell focus. Can only maintain one water source totem at the same time.  
Cost: 10 mana. Cooldown: None. 

>**Lightning Shield *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Instantly create a shield of lightning around a target. When receiving a close range attack, will deal 30 lightning damage to the attacker with a chance to cause paralysis. Consumed after five hits.  
Cost: 25 Mana.  
Cooldown: 1 minute.

>**Healing Spring *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Instantly summon a fountain full of healing water. Allies can drink from it to receive the effects of an equivalent leveled healing stream. Can be used ten times. Fountain lasts for a minute.  
Cost: 35 mana.  
Cooldown: 5 minutes.

>**Lightning Bolt *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Chant 3 lines (about 2 seconds) to shoot a ball of lightning, dealing 157 lightning damage to enemies in an area with a chance to cause paralysis.  
Cost: 30 mana.  
Cooldown: 1 minute.

>**Healing Tide *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Chant 1 major water verse (about 5 seconds) to summon 5 bursts of healing water. Every ally standing in the tide will recover 51 health and 20 mana per wave. Enemies will receive 37 water damage.  
Cost: 90 mana.  
Cooldown: 30 minutes.

>**Enchant Weapon - Wave *(Shaman - Beginner Level)***  
Instantly enchant your weapon with shaman magic, wrapping the weapon in a layer of water. The next three attacks will deal extra water element damage. The third attack will have an added water crowd-control effect.  
Cost: 25 mana.  
Cooldown: 4 minutes.

>**Enchant Weapon - Thunder *(Shaman - Cooldown)***  
Instantly pour the power of thunder and lightning into your weapon. The next three attacks will deal extra lightning element damage. The third attack will have an added lightning crowd-control effect.  
Cost: 25 mana.  
Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Everyone sighed at how their team leader had taken another step towards omnipotence. Even his healing ability had improved with the addition of Healing Tide and Healing Spring. Especially Healing Tide, the effects were obviously powerful. Not only did it heal and restore mana in an area, it even dealt AOE damage to enemies. What FrozenCloud paid more attention to was Lightning Shield and Lightning Bolt. Those skills, if used well, would be extremely effective in a grapple. What SpyingBlade looked at were the final two enchant weapon skills. Those would be good skills for an assassin. An assassin could never have enough weapon enchantment and poison skills.

Ye Cang took out the gorgeous black pearled staff and lifted it up, "This thing is good. Let me show you the world..."

Now, everyone shifted their attention to the staff. Its body appeared black but it was in fact made entirely of a beautiful crystalline material. It had a spiral design and the black pearl on top looked like a fruit being held up by petals. It gave off a faintly azure light.

>**Alabachia's Light *(Unique - Shaman - ??? - Quest Item)***  
Category: Staff  
Requirements: Alabachia Tribe Fishman or Shaman  
Damage: 49 - 55  
+45 All Attributes  
+10% Intelligence  
+10% Dexterity  
+10% Mana  
+70 Water Spell Effect  
+70 Lighting Spell Effect  
Reduce water and lightning damage received by 45%.  
Increase effect of water and lightning element spells by 20%.  
>- Water Spear  
   Switch to water spear form. Every close ranged attack will deal an additional 20% water damage.
   - Geyser  
     Summon a violent gush of water in the target area, dealing 115 water damage with a chance to cause knock-up and knockback.  
     Cooldown: 1 hour.  
 - Lightning Lance  
   Switch to lightning lance form. Every close range attack will deal an additional 20% lightning damage.
   - Electric Flash  
     Instantly shoot out a lightning lance which pierces into its target and explodes, dealing 130 damage with a chance to cause paralysis.  
     Cooldown: 1 hour.  

Ye Cang instantly switched it to lightning lance form. With a flash of electricity, the black pearl turned into the tip of a lance coursing with electricity. He then changed it to Water Spear form. The tooth-like spear tip rippling with azure light looked gorgeous.

SpyingBlade compared it to a Black Gold quality item and more or less understood that this item must be the rank above Black Gold. Recalling Ye Cang's 'show you the world', he sighed. *Last season, I was covered in Godly Artifacts. Now that's what you call 'showing you the world'. However, for this stage in the game, this thing really is a game changing item, something that even professional players could only hope for. This must be a top mid-game item.*
