---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 493"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 493: Outside the Heaven's Sword Pavilion

Lin ZhongYu could now see the white haired man in the plaza. His sight was drawn to the sword at his waist. As familiar with swords as he was, he actually couldn't tell what material it was made from.

The white haired woman walked out of the sword pavilion. In her hand was a black sword. She looked at Lin Le, who looked to be made from the exact same mold as his father, and calmly said, "Give up. I can pardon you in place of the master, but ZhongYue's son has to stay behind."

"Give up. I can let you live but that guy up there has to tie himself up and let Lele punish him." Ye Cang replied calmly.

The white haired woman froze. She couldn't stop a smile from forming on her lips. Her swan-white hair seemed to dance and the sword-mark between her brows seemed to ripple for a moment. "Sir sure is..."

Before she could finish speaking, Ye Cang's sword had already arrived. The white haired woman was alarmed. So fast! She moved to block with her sword but realised that there was no way she would make it in time. She could only watch as the sword instantly stabbed through her chest. The sword-light it created actually shot off into the distance. She watched as only now did the sonic boom catch up to the sword in his hand. The ground seemed to rippled and space broke apart from the vibrations. Her brows furrowed. What kind of sword art was that? His sword skills showed no signs of any style. The previous move was only the most common and most basic thrust but it was mind-numbingly fast. She looked at Ye Cang's hand, still at the hilt of his sword, as if he had never acted at all. Truth be told, the sword just now, even she could only sense but not see it.

Ye Cang turned towards the white haired woman and smiled, "Nice dodge..."

At this time, the blue veins on Ye Cang's sword wielding hand bulged out. Facing the top of the Sword Pavilion, he unleashed a thrust. However, to the observers, it appeared as if nothing had happened at all. Suddenly, there was another sonic boom, then a violent spiral force shot out, creating a fierce gale as it flew towards the top floor. An elder in the sky swung his sword to receive it, creating a giant moon-shaped sword-light. Instantly, the sword, along with the swordlight, were crushed by the spiral energy. The top floor also had an additional hole. If the elder was any slower at retreating, he would have found it hard to escape the same fate.

The white haired woman materialized her sword mark and with a wave of her hand, her black sword transformed into a thousand swords. Feeling a chill at her throat, she suddenly found a calmly smiling Ye Cang with his face right up against hers and his sword at her throat. Only now did she feel that bone-chilling coldness.

"I'm not here to kill, so... I hope you can calm down, alright...?" Ye Cang smiled, then turned to walk away. The hand in his pocket, unbeknownst to when, was now holding onto a slender arm. When the white haired woman saw the arm, she suddenly turned to find hers missing. When had he torn it off!? Right now, blood was spilling out of it. She kneeled and hit some pressure points with her left hand to stop the bleeding. Ye Cang tossed her arm back to her.

The white haired woman looked at Ye Cang's calm smile and felt a chill in her heart. *This person... Wait... He looks just like Adam. Could it be...* 

"You're an artificial human?"

Ye Cang didn't respond. He nodded, but then shook his head.

Lin Le righteously opened up a banner, "Give back daddy! You damn bad guys!"

Zhang ZhengXiong helped hold it up. *The people here are too abnormal. My bro is even more of a freak.*

The white haired woman retrieved her hand. She asked him after drinking some medicine, "What is the sword to you?"

"A tool." Ye Cang said indifferently. He looked at the elder flying over from the distance and frowned. The hand holding his bag suddenly moved to his sheath. 

Lin ZhongYu was frightened when Ye Cang instantly defeated third elder, but seeing the honored great elder coming, his heart relaxed. He respectfully bowed to the long eyebrowed, white clothed elder. "Great Elder."

The great elder paid no attention to him. He looked at the white haired woman holding her right arm. "SongYin was defeated? Interesting."

With a gentle leap, the elder appeared besides SongYin. Seeing Ye Cang's white hair, white brows, and white lashes, he waved his hand and ten thousand swords weaved towards him.

Clang~ Clang~ Clang~ Clang~ Ye Cang hand became fuzzy. Of the incoming swords, not a single one got near the three of them. There was only a sky full of the sound of clashing swords.

At this moment, Ye Cang's left hand threw his sheath to the ground, exposing the white blade. With sword in hand, he frowned. He had already activated the 6th gene lock, and hoped he wouldn't have to go up to the 8th.

"A'Xiong, Lele, if I tell you to go later, you have to run far away. I'm afraid of injuring you two." Ye Cang said with his back to the two of them.

"I got it, bro." Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le retreated a few steps and continued holding up the banner like protestors.

Ye Cang dashed forwards, arriving instantly. The great elder only seemed to turn slowly, yet managed to dodge.

Ye Cang frowned. Their two 'fasts' were different. The great elder had a sort of nimble fast, while he himself sought the pinnacle of pure speed. He suddenly turned back, becoming hundreds of crossing sword afterimages. The great elder moved like he was dancing; wherever his sword passed, a thousand cuts interweaved. The audience could only see the countless sparks from their collisions and hear the sound of their swords colliding. The white haired woman retreated to the edge and watched their exchanged with a gasp. *He can actually fight with master!*

The great elder smiled and captured Ye Cang's blade. "This is a good sword. If I'm not wrong, it's made from the bone of some creature."

Ye Cang calmly nodded, then smiled lightly, "Correct. Guess what creature it belongs to."

"Human?" The great elder could feel Ye Cang's aura from his sword, as if it were a part of his body.

Ye Cang smiled. *Correct, this sword was made from the spine left behind when I first went berserk.* Pulling back his white sword, he unleashed a simple yet astonishingly fast thrust. 

The great elder dodged hurriedly, "Such pure swordsmanship. If those brats had your comprehension and the patience to give up on the complicated and pursue simplicity, they wouldn't be so bad these days. However, your sword has no spirit. It lacks emotion."

"The sword is a tool for murder. Sword techniques are just killing skills. Since it is for killing, then obviously it should seek to kill in one strike. Superfluous things are all abandoned in pursuit of the limit of speed and power." Ye Cang smiled as he withdrew his sword.

"Such a sad sword," the great elder sighed, his two hands making a sword seal. "Ten Thousand Sword Secret Art - Extinguish Ten Thousand Souls."

"Such a ridiculous sword." Ye Cang sneered, unsealing his seventh gene lock. The sword seemed to resonate, the space around it becoming fuzzy.

Against the sky full of sword lights, Ye Cang only use one attack causing the sword strikes to instantly shatter. His arm faintly trembled. This level of vibration affected even himself, but he quickly recovered.

Everyone watched as the endless stream of sword lights and the vibration continued to collide. The crushed sword lights would regather and continued to push forwards. The two of them once again locked swords. Ye Cang looked at the red sword that was now in the great elder's hand. *Finally drawing your weapon?* The red sword lights continued to explode against the vibration. Ye Cang was slowly being forced back. The nimble speed of the great elder made Ye Cang feel suppressed. He sighed, "A'Xiong, Lele, go!"
