---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 494"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 494: Demon - Ye Cang

Great elder sensed an extremely dangerous aura, making him unconsciously hack towards Ye Cang with all ten thousand red sword lights, however, it sounded like he had struck at an unbreakable diamond. Clang clang clang sounds echoed around. A violent white aura broke through the red lights.

Ye Cang's pupils were no longer visible in his two eyes covered by white energy. White energy flow out from all over his body. Even his white hair was spilling with the white spiritual energy. His long hair had already grown down to his waist. The aura of danger he exuded in all directions was like that of a terrifying devil.

Ye Cang sighed. In the end, he was forced to unleash his eighth seal - demon. That old monster really was too powerful. 

The great elder looked at Ye Cang. An unorthodox ability user with his body trained to such a terrifying level. The elder, holding his longsword tightly, saw a blade instantly appear before his chest. He narrowly fell short of avoiding it! He felt the pain on his shoulder and saw Ye Cang's hair flutter as it flew past him. Such speed!

"Ten Thousand Swords Secret Art! Heaven and Earth As One!" The great elder flew back and formed a sword seal. The ground and sky seemed to be engulfed by the red swords, all gathering towards Ye Cang in the center, trying to turn him into a hedgehog. 

"Bro! Brother Lil' White!" Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le saw, from a distance, the sky and earth fill with swords, all stabbing at Ye Cang. They both cried out involuntarily.

Great Elder retrieved his sword array and looked at Ye Cang, whose entire body had been stabbed into minced meat and whose bones were now visible. Although his flesh could be torn through with difficulty, but there wasn't even a mark left on his bones. Mysteriously, Ye Cang's flesh instantly restored to what it was before. His mouth formed into an evil grin, "Old man, that didn't even tickle. Come at me for real..."

The great elder's brows furrowed. *If Heaven and Earth As One can't do anything to him, then there is only that move left.* With a dragon roar, a sword light instantly show out.

Ye Cang's brows rose in surprise. *Not good! It's the Dragon Slaying Arts - True Dragon Cut!* He retaliated with a vibrating sword slash. The vibrating sword and the dragon roaring sword light made contact. They mutually cancelled out, but the final winner was the great elder, whose true dragon cut had managed to slice through Ye Cang's spine sword.

The moment his attack weakened, Ye Cang used his left hand as a shield. With a clang, his entire left arm was cut off. The red longsword cut into Ye Cang's shoulder, slicing through two bones, and getting caught on the third, unable to budge. There was a burst of blood, however, everyone's attention was not on Ye Cang but the elder's chest. Ye Cang's right hand, unbeknownst to when, had stabbed into it as if grabbing for his heart. A finger was pointed at the great elder's Qi Core. Ye Cang, who was still bursting with white energy, faintly smiled, "Your loss. Swords are only tools as far as I am concerned. My body is the real 'sword'."

The great elder looked at the hand stabbed into his chest. A trace of blood leaked from the corner of his mouth. "Only a strong body can be a sword. Not going to kill me?"

"I've already said, I'm not here on an eradication mission but to save someone and settle a debt." Ye Cang replied earnestly. He took out his hand, then pulled out the sword stuck in his shoulder and reconnected his left arm. It rapidly healed back.

Lin SongYin supported her master and helped him staunch the bleeding. She looked at Ye Cang, unable to speak. This man was actually so strong. Even her master lost to him. There were no more than 20 people in all of China that could stand a chance against her master. She quickly spoke, "You should hurry and take the others away. Once the Heaven's Sword Protector comes, you won't be able to leave."

The great elder nodded, "Hurry."

Ye Cang smiled, "Since I've already come, I won't leave without getting justice..."

"Is that right?" Ye Cang heard a voice beside his ear. He was about to turn around but discovered a sword already stabbed through his heart. He saw a similarly long white haired young man who was very handsome. His hair was combed back and held up with hairpins, and he wore a teal coloured robe. The sword mark on his head looked like a red spider lily.

Ye Cang's eyes flashed when he saw Zhang ZhengXiong get sent flying by Lin ZhongYu in the distance. Lin ZhongYu's long sword stabbed through Lin Le's vermillion bird trigram, piercing through his heart. Then he began to walk towards Zhang ZhengXiong with a nasty grin. 

*I've promised QinXue that I'd definitely not let A'Xiong die! Definitely not! Definitely not! Those who want my brother dead! Must die! Must die!! DIE!!*

A black coloured lock shattered.

The great elder looked at Ye Cang and sighed with pity. Then his eyes looked to his own master, Sword Senior - Lin Lan. This was the most terrifying existence in the Heaven's Sword Sect.

Then something strange happened. Lin Lan saw that the white energy coming out of Ye Cang's body was gradually turning black. Ye Cang suddenly disappeared from his sword and charged towards Lin ZhongYu, arriving in an instant.

Lin Lan laughed coldly, finding it somewhat interesting. With a slash, he appeared infront of Lin ZhongYu, his sword stabbing through Ye Cang's heart once more. Sword lights instantly shredded Ye Cang apart, but Ye Cang's berserk black energy quickly restored his body. Like a dying beast, Lin Le clutched his chest that was spurting blood and moved to Zhang ZhengXiong's side. Tears streamed down Lin Le's pale face. "Brother Lil'White, thank you for taking care of me for so long. This time, Lele got you involved and couldn't even save daddy. If there is a next life, Lele still wants to be brothers with you two. Sorry, Brother Lil'White, sorry..."

Lin Le continued to fall. Zhang ZhengXiong clenched his teeth. He glared at the cold Lin ZhongYu and the indifferent Lin Lan. Lin Lan looked at Lin Le and then glanced at Lin ZhongYu with a frown, "He's a child of the Lin family, why have you killed him."

"He's just an evil creature left behind by Lin ZhongYue and that blind person. He even brought people with him to break in, injuring so many of our people." 

Lin ZhongYu's words made Lin Lan recall Lin ZhongYue. *ZhongYue's talent and temperament were much better than this narrow minded person's. A pity.* However, it involved the governing of the sect, which had nothing to do with him.

Ye Cang sat weekly on the ground, holding Lin Le, whose heart no longer beat. *I've once again lost one of my beloved people.* He looked at Zhang ZhengXiong, who was gnashing his teeth, on his last breath and recalled the scene that day in the pouring rain. That despair. That helplessness. That powerlessness. It all returned to him once more. *I caused Lele's death... am I about to let A'Xiong die too?*

"Brat, I admit that you're talented. Give up and I can leave you with your life." Lin Lan said indifferently.

"A'Xiong, I've said before that I would definitely not let you die before me..." Ye Cang slowly got up and said resolutely. The berserk black energy roiled. White energy also continued to rush forth. His hand stabbed into his palm, pulling out a sword shaped bone.

"Such a twisted existence..." Lin Lan frowned. The feeling of danger made it so that he couldn't help but be serious. "ZhongYu, return to the Sword Pavilion."

Lin ZhongYu quickly flew off, back to the Sword Pavilion. Ye Cang stabbed out. The air seemed to form an enormous spiral flow which chased after Lin ZhongYu. Lin Lan waved the sword in his left hand. The energy of heaven and earth formed and rotated behind Lin ZhongYu, cancelling out Ye Cang's spiral attack. "It's no use..."

Ye Cang looked at the flowing lights. He only had this one move. His figure flashed and he pushed out with what appeared to be a common thrust. Lin Lan didn't know why, but he felt like he couldn't dodge it. He turned his body and slashed at Ye Cang's chest. What alarmed Lin Lan was that the attack he had obviously dodged somehow cut into his ribs above his heart. He could only do his best to avoid a fatal blow. *Terrifying! What kind of sword skill is that! Wait, it's time control! His sword is so fast that it causes local time deviations!*
