---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 495"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 495: Father and Son Reunited

Ye Cang spat out a mouthful of blood, then continued riding the momentum to attack. Lin Lan could feel his terrifying strength. At close range, it had nearly torn him apart. This was even while he defended with his full strength! His palm slapped away the demonic hand reaching for his neck, then he motioned. Dragon Slaying Art - Dragon Soul Break!

From his shoulder, Ye Cang was instantly cut into two but he still didn't relax his sword wielding arm. The berserk black and white energy continued to shoot out of his eyes. Pulling out another sword from his other palm, he struck once more. Lin Lan felt a burst of fright. He did his best to avoid this deadly blow. The sword that slashed past his chest made him admire Ye Cang's exquisite swordsmanship even more. Simple to the extreme, yet exquisite to the extreme. Pursuing the simplest of things but obtaining the ability of time distortion that even he himself found hard to handle. He regretfully pushed out with a palm. With a strike of his hand, Ye Cang was turned into meat paste by countless sword qis.

"Bro, Lele..." Zhang ZhengXiong couldn't stop his tears. In the end, he smiled, "We weren't born on the same day, same month, or same year, but we die on the same day, same month, and same year... At least us brothers can die together."

Lin Lan looked at Zhang ZhengXiong, who had spoken those words fearlessly. He felt even more regret. They hadn't put the word brothers to shame. He couldn't help but recall the ancient Liu Guan Zhang<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>. How many brotherhoods throughout history could be like theirs. Charging into a dragon's lair to save a brother's father, not hesitating to risk their lives. They'd done it. He turned to leave, feeling too much regret...

There was the sound of a heart thumping, then heaven and earth seemed to lose all color, making everything look like a black and white movie.

Song Xin was at the seaside cottage, her face full of worry. *Lele and them must come home safely! Lele, if you were to die, then I don't want to continue living.* She thought about the heartwarming memories, then about how colorless her world would if Lele were gone. *Lele is my everything. Please don't let anything happen to him.*

Song Xin didn't know that every living creature around Heaven's Sword Sect were all frozen still in a black and white world.

The originally dead Lin Le slowly got up. An extremely sinister red light shone from his two eyes. He laughed more sinisterly than an evil spirit, then began to sway. "This place... feels a bit familiar. Oh~ Ooh~This is the Heaven's Sword Sect? How nostalgic..."

Lin Lan was alarmed. *Could it be?* He faced him and said respectfully, "Great Ancestor Lin Sen..."

"Just hand over that Lin ZhongYu or something. This child is that brat Lin Lin's direct descendent. I've been protecting his bloodline. Since he actually managed to awaken me, I have the responsibility to ensure his safety. However, this child's temperament, wit, and talent are all very similar to that brat Lin Lin<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup>..."

'Lin Le' swept his eyes over the scene and sighed. "A pity. Hundreds of years have passed and the Lin family no longer has a possessor of the Eyes of Judgement. This child is the only possessor of the Eyes of Judgement left. Lin Lan, you are Lan Lan's<sup>[3](#footnote3)</sup> son and this little guy's blood relative, but you're becoming less and less like your father. Even though your father also wasn't very sociable, he is at least someone who saved me. As for you... Hah~."

Lin Lan lowered his head, ashamed. He remained silent for a long while. Many years as a respected figure had worn away his passion and care for the public. He had become numb and cold-blooded. His two eyes regained their resolution, "Great Ancestor Lin Sen, I understand. I won't let down my father's name."

"Good. The kid on the ground isn't dead yet. As for what comes after, do as you see fit..." Lin Sen noticed the change in Lin Lan and nodded, pleased. He then looked at Ye Cang, who was in pieces on the ground. He could instantly tell this person wasn't simple, because he could smell the scent of extreme danger from him.

...

Endless Hell, Avīci.

The white haired iron masked man, while being tortured, slowly closed his angry eyes. "Looks like I won't have to lend him 'hell'."

...

Heaven and Earth regained their color. Lin Le passed out. Zhang ZhengXiong was also in a state of shock from being on the verge of death. Ye Cang's smashed bits followed the berserk energy and fused back together, restoring his body. He got up, protecting Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong behind him, his sword poised to attack.

"Stop. We no longer have any reason to fight. Neither of those two are dead. Hurry and send them to the Sword Pavilion for critical care. As for Lin ZhongYu, I'll account to Lin Le..." Lin Lan said, then turned and flew up to the Sword Pavilion. He had people arrest Lin ZhongYu, spoke a few words to the great elder, then flew off to the back mountains. 

Ye Cang sensed Lin Le's heartbeat and sighed in relief, but was completely puzzled. Lin SongYin quickly came over and looked at Ye Cang with suspicion. "Great Ancestor says that Lin ZhongYu is to be handed to you three for punishment. Lin ZhongYue and another from the sword pavilion prison have been granted amnesty. The more evil ones among the sect will be sentenced to the Heaven's Sword burial mound. Great Ancestor will personally guide the sect onto the correct path. Just what in the world happened between you and the Great Ancestor?"

Ye Cang had a head full of fog. As for how they escaped danger, it was a complete mystery, but since they had all come out of it together safely, he calmly chose to shake his head and remain silent. Lead by Lin SongYin, he arrived at the Sky Raising Pavilion. The other two very quickly regained their vitality. When Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le heard the results, they were extremely spirited. Lin Le was even happier at being able to meet his father.

In the prison.

After Lin ZhongYue was pardoned, tears wouldn't stop streaming down his face. After having his chains removed, he arrived at the Sky Raising Pavilion. When he saw Lin Le, his voice trembled, "Lele..."

"Daddy..." Lin Le met the kin that he had been mourning all this time.

Father and son embraced tightly. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong smiled. They gave Lin Le's shoulder a comforting pat.

When Mr Lin learned that it was Ye Cang who helped force their way here, obtained the Great Ancestor's approval, and even fulfilled his role as both father and big brother by taking care of Lin Le, his gratitude towards Ye Cang was so great that it got caught in his throat and was inexpressible with words. "Really, really..."

"Uncle, A'Xiong and I have treated Lele as if he were our real little brother. You are Lele's father, which means you are also our father. As sons, saving our father is what we ought to do."

"Uncle, you're now free."

Ye Cang's and Zhang ZhengXiong's earnest words made Mr Lin so moved that he broke out into laughter. For Lele to have brothers with such complementing personalities, who would fight with the elders for him and received the boss's approval, what more could he ask for!

Soon, the four of them saw Lin ZhongYu being pushed over. Ye Cang looked to Lin Le. This wasn't his business. How to deal with him was for Lin Le and Mr Lin to decide.

"Senior ZhongYue, it was really an accident. Let me off." 

Lin ZhongYue saw how far Lin ZhongYu had fallen. Hate? Killing him was not enough to quell the pain of his wife's death and his 20 years of separation with his son. He sighed. "Annoying. Third Elder, toss him into the Heaven's Sword Hell..."

Lin SongYin nodded. A couple Heaven's Sword Guards started to drag him away.

"I don't want to go to the Heaven's Sword Hell! No! Release me! I'm the clan leader!! Lin ZhongYue! You won't die a peaceful death!" Everyone saw Lin ZhongYu's ugly expression as he was dragged away and couldn't help but lament. Just a moment ago, he was the clan leader. A moment later and he's being dragged to Heaven's Sword Hell, a place that would make him wish he was dead instead.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Liu Guan Zhang: Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei from the three kingdoms period of chinese history. Famous trio of sworn brothers.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: For those that don't remember. Lin Lin is the Chrysanthemum Emperor.

<a name="footnote3">3</a>: Lan lan was mentioned breifly by the girls on the spaceship. Supposedely one of the Chrysanthemum Emperor's wives who was left on earth.