---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 496"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 496: Down the Mountain

Afterwards, tasked by Lin Lan, Lin ZhongYue once again became the clan leader. Though he had tried to refuse, he was still grateful for Lin Lan's kindness. The upper and lower echelons of the Heaven's Sword all sighed. Just a moment ago, he was a prisoner, the next moment, he became the dignified clan leader. They all looked in the direction of the Heaven's Sword Protector; he held the true authority in the Heaven's Sword Sect.

After a few days of contact, Lin Le was very happy. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong were also treated as guests. There were tasty foods and delicious drinks, making them not want to leave the mountain. They had completely forgotten that there were still people worried about them back at Lin Hai, waiting for news.

"Daddy. Me, Brother Lil'White, and Brother Lil'Xiong have to go back to Lin Hai for school. I'll come back when I'm free. You have to come see Lele too..." Lin Le knew that it was time for school to start, even though he didn't know that 'going to school' meant studying in a classroom and learning.

"Little Ye, ZhengXiong, I'll leave Lele to the two of you. If you need anything, don't hold back. The Heaven's Sword Sect will always be your home." Though Mr Lin was reluctant, but he knew that Lin Le was already a little adult. He had his own thoughts and goals. He couldn't just stay at the Heaven's Sword Sect all the time. Knowing that Ye Cang was looking after him, he nodded with a smile.

"I will..." Ye Cang smiled calmly, feeling like a weight had been removed from his heart. He no longer had to worry about Lele's future. He knew the strength of the Heaven's Sword Sect. The Ten Commandments couldn't even compare. He had personally experienced the depths of Lin Lan's strength and knew that what he had seen wasn't even his full power. His berserk self had never felt such powerlessness. He could truly feel the gap between them. However, with his help and some luck, the 8th gene lock had completely opened. Who would have thought that his 8th gene lock's ability would come in a pair; one light and one dark.

Mr Lin sent the three of them to the stairs outside the Sword Hall and waved at them while they left.

Lin Lan was on a mountain peak watching the back of Ye Cang's group of three. "Those three children will be extraordinary in the future..."

A man with a goatee was smiling beside him. This was the man that SongYin had called Yun Lang. "However, whether that white hair's ending will be good or bad is hard to say. I can sense the suffering of hell from him."

"Is that right..." Lin Lan said, then suddenly struck. Yun Lang's sword fell into the garden behind them and he howled in pain. "Did I say you could take a break? Get back to memorize the daoist scriptures, southern scriptures, vajra scriptures; whatever scriptures there are, memorize them!"

Lin SongYin looked at the fallen Yun Lang. *So this is what you foretold. If it were up to me, I would rather stay in jail.* She looked to Ye Cang's gradually departing back and pressed down on her right arm, recalling his words then. The corners of her lips rose into a smile. *He is a 'sword'... is it?*

...

"Bro! When will you teach me that awesome white and black qi move?" Zhang ZhengXiong was full of excitement.

"Lele wants to learn too! Lele wants to learn too!" Lin Le happily bounced down the steps, making Ye Cang smile.

"I will. You haven't reached that stage yet..."

"Oh, oh, Brother Lil'White, daddy gave me two books called Thousand Sword Arts and Dragon Slayer Arts. He says they are manuscripts that he completed while in prison. He says we should learn them together. Don't tell anyone." Lin Le took out two books.

"You and A'Xiong should learn. I don't need it." Ye Cang looked at the two books and saw that they didn't suit him. He watched Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le walk while discussing the moves and smiled once again. He thought back to that time when Lele had almost died. His heart had definitely stopped. Could it be Lin Lan who saved him? It must be so, he thought. Lele was a direct descendent after all. However, he kept feeling like something wasn't right. He shook the thought from his mind. Things were fine as long as they could live in harmony. He smiled and threw an arm around Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong as they descended the mountain.

...

Lin Hai, seaside cottage.

The extremely worried SpyingBlade, Song Xin and the others all saw the group of three slowly walking along the beach. Song Xin's tears suddenly fell and she ran over.. Everyone all ran over one after the other.

Wu Na's heavy heart could finally relax as she embraced Ye Cang, "Why didn't you call even once."

"My phone died in battle." Ye Cang said seriously with his calm smile.

Lin Le wiped Song Xin's tears and smile naively like a child, "I saw daddy. He got to know Lele. Lele was very happy these few days."

Song Xin nodded, unable to speak. She simply nodded and held Lele tightly to her bosom.

Zhang ZhengXiong saw that the two of them both had people to hug, so he turned towards FrozenCloud who was about to hug him too. "Fine, I'll let you hug me for a bit."

"Get lost!" Once FrozenCloud knew he was ok, she struck out with an elbow at Zhang ZhengXiong's stomach.

"Alright, alright. Let's all go home. Our studio has closed down for many days. Tonight is saturday, a weekend. Let's rest tonight and start work again tomorrow afternoon." Ye Cang stroked Wu Na's head and urged.

That night, everyone sat around a table, talking and laughing. They listened to Lin Le talk about all the hardships they had gone through; overcoming thousands of difficulties and tens of thousands of dangers, just to see his father. It sounded like the father version of the legend of the magic lotus lantern He even managed to plagiarize the scene of cleaving Mt Hua. The story somehow became him suddenly awakening his powers and splitting the Heaven's Sword Pavilion to save his father.

Ye Cang watched as everyone rolled their eyes at the story. He couldn't help but smile. On their way back, Ye Cang had Lin Le keep the fact that Mr Lin was now the clan leader a secret. Lin Le also knew not to say that his father was the clan leader. Instead, he said that he was a guard.

Ye Cang waved his hand and smiled, "In short, things turned out well. The Heaven's Sword Sect didn't blame us either. Cheers..."

...

Late night.

Ye Cang tossed and turned on his bed, thinking about the scenes from back then; that feeling of powerlessness. He couldn't fall asleep. He looked at the ring clutched in his hand that hung around his neck. *I need to become stronger.*

The next day, Song Xin kissed Lin Le goodbye and left to deal with pressing international affairs. Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong left to do their morning exercise. Their usual spar now included not only trigrams but also sword seals and jabs.

That afternoon, after lunch, they returned to the game.

The moment Ye Cang logged in, a message from ThornyRose arrived. "God dammit! What have you been fooling around with these few days! You didn't even pick up your phone! I was just about to go look for you!"

"The truth is, Lele, A'Xiong and I went on a trip for a few days. It was pretty nice. Now I feel, like, much more relaxed~." Ye Cang started off with an honest tone but ended up talking like a young girl.

"Beep beep..." Ye Cang heard the sound of the call hanging up and sighed. *She needs to take her meds again.*

Ye Cang's group once again boarded their boat. The fishmen tribe all came to send them off. The newly promoted fishmen shaman were even respectfully saluting Ye Cang as he left.

"Mrrglmr! Mglrmglmglmgl!" Abado commanded a few fishmen warriors to escort the boat, then waved goodbye. Ye Cang also waved and shouted goodbye in the fishmen language.

The steamship, protected by the fishmen warriors, ended up in a few fights with the sea giants. Only then did Ye Cang, SpyingBlade and the others learn how violent and brave these azure skinned fishmen could be. In the water, their speed was unbelievably fast. The sea giants didn't even have a chance to hit back. With Ye Cang providing ranged support, the party even manage to collect some dark gold equipment.
