---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 497"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 497: Farsarqi

The fishmen led the steamship to sail along their territorial waterways. After leaving the Ocean Abyss, none of the fishmen warriors left. They were also in charge of the return journey. After ten days of sailing at top speed, Ye Cang saw the constantly airborne seagulls and other large motor ships. He knew they were arriving at their destination.

A large harbor gradually appeared in the horizon. Little Ye Tian began to steer the ship towards the harbor. Since Ye Cang's steamship was a local product, it didn't attract any extra attention, but the fishmen warriors on the boat startled the city officials. The harbor guards all bowed and had Ye Cang wait for the person in charge to arrive. SpyingBlade couldn't help but sigh. The service here trended towards that of the olden days.

A woman with curly blonde hair and wearing worker clothes appeared before Ye Cang's group. "You are the ones who brought the fishmen? May I ask where you're from..."

The woman saw Ye Cang's ship and her brows rose, "It's actually great master Pastor's work, the HHY-91-S13 portable magic crystal motorized vessel. This is a limited edition, custom made ship. Only three of them exist."

Ye Cang calmly smiled and stood forwards. Lowering his wolf head hood to his shoulders, he said gracefully, "We are travelers from the Planetary Empire's Black Rock City. I am Earl PaleSnow of the Planetary Empire..."

Wu Na and FrozenCloud sighed at how good Ye Cang was at showing off in front of strangers. He looked very cool, very stylish and very propper.

The woman cried out in alarm, "You passed through the Ocean Abyss!?"

"At the same time, I am the Alabachia Fishman Tribe's Great Shaman Ritualist." Ye Cang nodded, and began a little tribal dance with the fishmen warriors.

"......" (Everyone)

The woman froze. When she confirmed that his medal was real, she became even more sure that they had crossed the Ocean Abyss. Full of respect, she said, "I'm the one in charge of Farsarqi Seaport's Dock C5, Mary-Sue. I welcome you, guests from a distant land."

In fact, the distance between Farsarqi and the Planetary Empire wasn't that great, they were simply separated by hard to cross barriers such as the Magic Forest and the Furnace Lands. As for the sea route, it had the Ocean Abyss; controlled by Sea Giants and countless deep ocean races. The chances of defeating them in the ocean was extremely low. They weren't called the darlings of the sea for nothing.

Mary-Sue gave those very formidable looking fishmen a glance. She couldn't help but feel some trepidation. It wasn't that they had never thought to sail through the northern sea route but after entering the Ocean Abyss, no ship has ever emerged safely. Even using the greatest battleships, those sea giants, nagas and fishmen weren't to be provoke. In the sea, they were the kings. This earl wasn't a simple man!

Mary-Sue allowed them through and gave them a pass.

Ye Cang brought everyone into the city. Following Little Ye Tian's suggestion, they first went to the city hall's property purchasing area. Bringing along a huge sum of money, they checked out the available properties. When they saw that Dock D3, due to bad management, had been seized and was being sold off, Little Ye Tian suggested they spent 2000 gold to purchase the entire thing. They also bought a large sized shopping center in Fabusch block along with many middle sized shops.

Ye Cang went to the firearms store. He broke out in cold sweat when he saw what was inside. His own Giant Owl No.2 only sold for 25 gold in this store and it even came with ten magic crystals. Recalling the price he had paid at the high-end auction to obtain his, he was immediately put in a bad mood. He bought over 20 Giant Owl No.2s and spent 200 gold buying a pair of Sea Owl No.1s

>**Sea Owl No.1 - Left *(Black Gold - Standard Issue - Firearm)***  
Category: High Caliber Pistol  
Requirements: 145 Strength, 170 Dexterity  
Damage: 38-42  
+17 Strength  
+19 Dexterity  
+5% Dexterity  
+15% Reload Speed  
+45 Shooting Speed  
+50 Armor Penetration  
+60 Range  
>- Converging Shot - Sea Owl No.1  
   Absorb large amounts of magic crystal energy. After 2 seconds, an extremely powerful piercing bullet will be fired, dealing 265% attack damage. For every target pierced by the same shot, damage will decrease by 5%.  
   Cooldown: 5 minutes

>**Sea Owl No.1 - Right *(Black Gold - Standard Issue - Firearm)***  
Category: High Caliber Pistol  
Requirements: 175 Strength, 155 Dexterity  
Damage: 39-44  
+19 Strength  
+16 Dexterity  
+5% Strength  
+10% Reload Speed  
+40 Shooting Speed  
+65 Armor Penetration  
+70 Range  
>- Explosive Energy Bullet - Sea Owl No.1  
   Absorb large amounts of magic crystal energy. After 3 seconds, an unstable, explosive energy bomb will be fired, dealing 135 energy damage in an area.  
   Cooldown: 5 minutes

The twin pistols overload mode's effect was also kept. It's speed was more or less improved, but not by much. The guns' barrel increased in size significantly. Ye Cang equipped them, very satisfied. As for the rest of the 20 or so guns, he would bring them back and sell them to the spendthrifts.

Little Ye Tian went around the city consulting many experts about blueprint composition and purchased quite a few designs in the auction. Due to Ye Cang receiving a notification that their harbor was about to be completed and the initial work on the palace was finished, they abandoned their original plan to meet the city's mayor and rushed to buy a large amount of the city's specialty products before getting on the boat, and rushing back at full speed.

Originally, Mary-Sue had wanted to consult with Ye Cang, but looking at their fishmen warrior escorts, she smiled. *They'll be back, no rush...*

The little steamboat, with the fishmen warriors' help, drove away the sea giants and some pursuing naga. Following Alabachia's sea-route, they returned to the island. Without stopping, they continued to rush to Sand Sea Village. Upon arriving, they used their map to travel along the shortest path and began to cross the mountains. After another long and difficult trek, withstanding the wind and rain, everyone was already sick of it. At last, they returned to the area around Anya's shrine - though it should now be called the three goddesses' shrine. From the day they set off, 2 months had already passed. Everyone in their party had already all reached level 20. Ye Cang was even as high as level 23.

Ye Cang saw that even though the surroundings looked a bit dilapidated, the palace contained the very majestic aura of the three goddesses. The 100 meter tall marble statues of the three goddesses stood side by side, looking very serene. In contrast, the inauguration celebration they hosted afterwards was very extravagant. Maru Naya, Linda, and Makarlo all came over, each of them responsible for one of the goddesses individual shrines. As for the main palace, which represented this holy trinity, it had Ye Cang and the three of them jointly responsible.

The sinkhole had long since been connected to White Stone City. The trade route from Black Rock City to White Stone City, then to Black Peaks was now exceptionally prosperous. The magic crystals mined in Black Rock City were shipped to White Stone City. Then the goods from White Stone City were then carried to the three goddess city. Transit between the three places had become one whole, tying them together. They thrived together and would fall together.

Now that the three goddess shrines were complete, Ye Cang was planning what to do for the event. Coming to the depths of the inner palace, he planned to summon the goddesses for a dress rehearsal. Everything they had invested depended on the success of goddess city, he couldn't be careless.
