---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 498"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 498: Goddess Representative Selection

Ye Cang returned to his booth at the Dark Cave and replenished its stock. Many teams had already beaten the first boss, the toad. It seemed like someone had discovered a special strategy, increasing the efficiency. Lin Le was ordered to mass produce alchemical items, allowing him to promote to Alchemist Master. The promotion earned him an even more powerful fuel recipe and an even more unstable combustible composition, but they all required powder made from fire crystals. This made Ye Cang begin to wantonly purchase fire crystals, attracting the attention of a few guilds. They were all guessing whether Ye Cang was secretly trying to stock up or if it was some conspiracy... in any case, it was definitely not something good.

The imported goods that Ye Cang brought back caused a huge sensation. Of his 21 pairs of Giant Owl No.2s, not a single one was left unsold at a price of 200 gold. FrozenCloud couldn't help but sigh at this huge profit. It only cost 20 gold over there, but here it sold for 200 gold, and supply still didn't meet the demand. The moment more were released, they would be insstantly snatched away. The customers were all relatively famous professional players. They probably bled their wallets dry in order to buy them. One must know that 200 gold wasn't a small amount. The other equipment also sold well, especially the portable boats. They could only seat 2-3 people but the Freedom Alliance, Mad War, and Lord's Reign all payed a high price to snap up these little boats.

Ye Cang looked at his bursting coin pouch and decided to bring a bit more back next time. They had earned many times the money they spent there. The profits were just... *Tsk tsk. Haah, it turns out that I'm a business genius.* With a sigh, over half of the profits went to construction. Looking at the virtual picture of Goddess Peak (originally Ghost Peak) and the majestic palace on the top as well as the city facilities covering the entire mountain, he felt a sense of accomplishment.

The beneficiaries of Goddess City were mainly the players, including the three big investors: the Freedom Alliance, Mad War, and Lord's Reign. This was this season's first player established city, so it received a great deal of attention.

White Stone City's public instance, as well as Black Rock City's public instance became the two places with the busiest traffic. Travelling between Goddess Moor (the sinkhole) to White Stone City was extremely easy. Little Ye Tian even developed a large sized magic crystal vehicle and invented a new magic crystal engine which had an even higher efficiency! Tests showed that travelling from Bal Village to Black Rock City only took 3 hours. The magic crystal consumption wasn't high either. Thus, public transportation spontaneously sprung up, quickly starting operation. Five 50-person magic crystal vehicles travelled back and forth between Bal Village and Black Rock City.

For Little Ye Tian, inventing the vehicle was only a minor matter. Right now, she was facing the difficult problem of how to scan for the size and structure of magic crystal veins. Once she accomplished this, she could resolve the problem of their mine becoming abandoned once this vein was mined out. Little Ye Tian held an empty magic crystal, studying it in detail, but sighed. It would require a machine to further analyse it. Drawing the design for a bit, she shook her head and shelved it, then threw herself into new research. Her former master, now assistant and apprentice, was bowing and listening to Little Ye Tian's orders while being looked at as if he were an idiot.

The profits from the mines were obvious. Ye Cang thought of the money that continued to pile in. In addition to that, the harbor, stores, etc were all very prosperous. It was even enough to build up another city. He felt like a real-estate tycoon.

Lin Le returned to the Chamber of Commerce. Because Lin Le had won them a share of the magic crystals, he was directly promoted to vice-president and was regarded very highly.

Zhang ZhengXiong was also commended, becoming head priest. He was highly regarded by both Magi and Mar Junior.

As for Ye Cang, who was getting tired of counting money, he decided to have some fun. He returned to reality, turned on the TV and yawned. Looking at the fashion model beauties, a divine light went off in his head. He quickly logged back in and summoned all his employees in Black Rock City and White Stone City. At the goddess association doorways, he pasted a notice: "The first Goddess Representative Beauty Contest is recruiting."

The notice listed many benefits and awards. First place would receive a large amount of money (players would also get equipment), get to meet the goddesses and even participate in the next descent to liven things up.

Ye Cang informed CloudDragon, LordAsked, NalanPureSoul, as well as Mar Junior and Makarlo, letting them be judges. CloudDragon thought it over. Though he was unwilling, considering the benefits, he still accepted.

Ye Cang gave his female staff a goal. "Whoever can get first place, I'll let her be the store manager."

All the women were first delighted, then looked around at their coworkers and began their battle of cutting remarks and various behind-the-scenes maneuvering. Ye Cang left the meeting room with a calm smile. Laughing quietly to himself, he muttered, "This is much better than watching dramas. Fight! And I can even make money..."

FrozenCloud stood at the doorway and saw Ye Cang's smile after he had turned away. It was like the smile of an evil puppeteer. Just how black hearted was he. She shivered. *Even if I die, I can't let him know that I tricked him...*

"Lil'Dino, I'll leave you in charge of this... Don't let me down." Ye Cang's spoke heartfelt words as he patted FrozenCloud's shoulder and smiled.

FrozenCloud saw that good-willed smile and quickly nodded. The longer she was with him, the more scary he seemed. He couldn't be described with just crazy.

Ye Cang's event drew in a lot of people. They came in all shapes and sizes. On the day of the event, Zhang ZhengXiong sat a seat of honor and looked at the unevenly matched contestants. Some were very beautiful and stunning, like the female proprietor of the cafe - Allie, Earl Calata's daughter - Jenny, and Ye Cang's subordinate public relations elf Liliana. There was also the C grade mating quest's 'demoness' - Kelly. When the Freedom Alliance's LooseCloud saw her, he immediately trembled all over and hid behind NalanMight, muttering, "No, no..."

NalanMoon saw LooseCloud's appearance, then turned to look at Kelly; her appearance like a work of god and that bloated body... She gasped, then turned to look at Ye Cang. That guy really was vile.

Following the start of the event, the women walked the stage one by one while showing off their talents. Mar Junior graded them very professionally. Especially when it came to temperament, which he understood well. His handsome appearance caused many girls to swoon. Ye Cang saw Aiki off stage, watching Mar with cold eyes, and immediately broke out in cold sweat.

CloudDragon had a very poisonous tongue when it came to judging figures, making many women leave in tears. Many even collapsed on the spot. To be able to ruthlessly talk about people's elephant legs, bow legs, artificial \*\*\*\*s and other abnormalities; even the tiniest thing would be noticed and made a big deal by him. His harshness invited many complaints but everything he said was logical. ThornyRose gazed at CloudDragon speechlessly. To be so serious and toxic at a recreational event... She watched as a young lady walked off the stage, bawling in her mother's arms. He actually told her she had short legs and a flat chest, suggesting that she should drink more milk.
