---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 499"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "skizlock"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 499: Mid-Selection

Kelly swaggered onto the stage. The judging committee immediately froze, as if facing their greatest nemesis.

"She deserves praise for her courage..." Mar Junior said slowly.

"Inner beauty..." Ye Cang simply added.

CloudDragon directly revealed his score, showing a very humane 1 point.

Makarlo wore a friendly smile. "What is your dream?"

"To get married, have kids and find that man who slept with me." Kelly actually spoke with a confident smile, giving off a 'girl from a wealthy family' aura.

Everyone gasped. Who was the god with such draconic courage!

Ye Cang and the others, who knew the inside story, froze. Ye Cang then showed a good-willed smile. Seeing his smile, FrozenCloud knew that someone was screwed.

LordAsked spoke with a queer expression, "A very admirable dream..."

He decisively gave her 2 points.

NalanPureSoul turned and saw the hiding LooseCloud and blushed with shame. For the extra 10 gold from that time, he gave 3 points.

Mar Junior saw that this woman didn't expose any anger when faced with everyones jeering. In fact, she even looked down on those people. Feeling respect in his heart, he said, "Compared to superficial beauty, your temperament puts the rest to shame. You haven't let down the Abbes family name..."

"Sir Cross, I appreciate your feelings, but there is only one man in my heart. Apologies..." Kelly replied coldly.

Mar Junior froze, then broke into laughter, revealing 8 points. This was, up until now, the highest score. It drew the resentment of countless women.

Mar Junior smiled. "She has the temperament and purpose that you all lack."

Ye Cang slowly got up and applauded. "Truly an admirable woman..."

Saying that, he suddenly pointed to the spot LooseCloud was hiding. "He's there! Go! Seek your true love! We all offer you our sincerest blessings. Let's give her a round of applause!"

NalanMight and them saw Kelly's burning gaze and were so scared that they immediately moved aside. Everyone opened up a path. The trembling LooseCloud glared at Ye Cang. He even felt the urge to kill right now. He actually fell into a trap again!!

Everyone looked at LooseCloud with untold respect, instantly breaking into applause, giving him their blessings as if stabbing him in the back.

LooseCloud quickly turned to flee. Kelly lifted her dress and shot after him with big strides, like a shooting star. "Dreamy! Wait for me! Let us work together for a better future!!!" 

Ye Cang watched the two of them disappear down the street with a sincere and moved smile. Waving his hands, he wished them well. "Be happy!"

"So moving. Definitely, you definitely have to find happiness!" Lin Le also waved at them, extremely emotional.

FrozenCloud, NalanMoon and NalanMight all felt a shiver down their backs. Just how treacherous were they.

CloudDragon looked at Ye Cang's sincere expression, then heard a scream from far away. God knows what made him so twisted. One might even be tricked into believing that he was benevolent.

Next on stage was Linda. Before even reaching the stage, those 'When wind meets the waves, The clouds will sail out to sea, And storms will arise'-like ripples instantly earned 10 points one after another. Everyone offered their own praise. CloudDragon was taken in by her sturdy body. Though she didn't appear strong, she had explosive strength like a cheetah ready to pounce. Moreover, that chest... *Yeah~ not bad.*

Mar Junior froze for a moment when he saw Linda's milk jugs. He turned and saw the cold gaze of Aiki, then immediately put on a righteous expression. "Cough cough. As expected of one of Black Rock City's heroes. Admirable..."

The others all bobbed their head along with the ripples. Ye Cang even got up and held Linda's hand. "You win and directly become Goddess Representative. Congratulations..."

"Hey hey! There are still so many people left!"

"Isn't it just a big chest and big butt! Can you be anymore shallow! And you call us superficial!"

Earth shattering opposition came from everywhere.

"Umm, I'm not participating. I'm only here to clean up the stage a bit..." Linda shook her head. She took out a broom and swept the stage a bit, then left under the extremely reluctant gazes of all the men.

"Continue." Ye Cang calmly returned to the judging panel.

"Face too big! Next!" (LordAsked)

"No hips. What are you even coming up for?" (CloudDragon)

"No spirit. Too ordinary. Practically no talent. Next." (NalanPureSoul)

"Miss, your chest is rather small. Come back after growing up a bit." Makarlo stroked his beard, then grabbed some herbal medicine and passed it to the red eyed contestant, giving her a regretful yet encouraging smile.

"Overall not bad, but the face lacks a bit of maturity. Next time." Mar Junior said tactfully.

"ThornyRose? Eh... not bad... next. My face!!" (Ye Cang)

After much filtering, only Allie, Jenny, Liliana, ThornyRose, FrozenCloud, BlackIce, NalanBeauty, FrozenCloud, the shop assistant Melo (rabbit girl) and Aiki were left. 

"Bro, it seems our guild doesn't produce beauties. None of them were chosen..." LordGrinned poked his head over and said. LordAsked strangely didn't talk back. He just unleashed a simple chop and sighed.

For the second round, the women all changed clothes and went back on stage.

"Brother Lil' White, she looks ominous! Give her low points!" Lin Le looked at BlackIce and proposed. Ye Cang nodded and raised the 1 point card.

"You... what are you looking at. Yes you, looking so ominous. Both Black and Ice, why not just stick to a theme."

"FrozenCloud, both ice and cloud, also doesn't conform to a theme. 1 point." CloudDragon retaliated.

LordAsked and NalanPureSoul remained silent, staying out of their fight.

BlackIce and FrozenCloud could only smile bitterly. ThornyRose gnashed her teeth, unhappy at the fact that she actually received less points than the rabbit girl named Melo. Surprisingly, FrozenBlood defeated Aiki in terms of talent. Faced with Aiki's resentful gaze, Mar Junior wanted to cry. He had already done all he could.

In the end though, only three women remained: Allie, Jenny, and Liliana. They were all unobjectionably tied. Talent-wise, they each had their specialties. What surprised Ye Cang was that Jenny was extremely gifted in drawing. Even more surprising was Liliana's singing; it was so ethereal that everyone felt their bodies going limp.

In the final showdown. Ye Cang followed procedures and let the three women change into swimsuits. Although it was a bit shameful, the three women still put on the sexy swimsuits. With the girls leaning by the edge of a fountain, the stimulation brought on by the swimsuits made Mar Junior see the light. Makarlo stroked his beard while nodding repeatedly, "Beautiful in its simplicity. Not bad, not bad..."

OldWangFromNextDoor couldn't help but reach downwards. FrozenCloud and Wu Na both raised their eyebrows at him, their gazes full of contempt.

"No! It's not that!" Wang quickly put his hand on his hip and said.

The look of contempt from the two women became even more intense. They both sighed, patting his shoulder from both sides. Wu Na said somewhat sympathetically, "I'll try to find someone for you from my least favorite friends..."

"Me too..." FrozenCloud promised.

Wang wiped away his sweat. *As expected of the women who follow boss.*
