---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 302"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 302: Free Time**

Lin Hai east district's crusade was the talk of the town. This was the first holy war in the last 20 years. Even more special was that the rebel army had actually won.

"Extra, extra, team T-105 leads the rebel army to victory! T-105 has given us back our freedom! They can once again take part in the combat tests if they want! The bill to enforce uniforms has been aborted! Even the east district's research funds have been doubled! Now, team T-105 is the talk of the town, their popularity is through the roof. Let us interview some of the participants of yesterday's battle..."

"I learned a lot in last night's battle. I'm extremely honored to be able to be part of such a grand occasion."

"Being naked is actually not bad..." said a student council member with a mosaic covering him.

"Eeeek!! Panty Uncle is too handsome! If only he would X me, that would have been perfect!" A female staff member of the third administrative building with a mosaic covering her face screamed.

"I was thinking about my childhood when suddenly, I was attacked by an elephant..." (Some woman)

"Next, let us show you footage of the execution stage. According to the rules, once the war ends, the victors can request to have the losers executed. That's right, it's the Chrysanthemum Emperor's favorite... Wait, stop there. See how Zhong Yun looks like he would rather die than surrender? Continue playing..."

In the video, Ye Cang had on a good-willed smile. "President. Then I won't be courteous, ten stabs with the Mighty Chrysanthemum Rod!"

"Aaaaaaah!!!"

A bloodcurdling scream. It was enough to make anyone shiver, especially if they noticed Ye Cang's unchanging smile. Lin Le was issuing the punishment while pouting, "Teach you to bully us! Teach you to bully us!"

"Since we temporarily can't interview the members of team T-105, let us continue to interview the participants."

"Student Sun Yu, please tell us how it felt to perform an execution."

"Invigorating, and not just invigorating. I got to execute a beauty. I thought she was a boy at first, but she was a tomboy."

"......"

"Due to T-105's influence, their special products are selling exceptionally well, such as this rebel army general - White Asura T-shirt, the foolish strategist - King of Bad Ideas umbrella, rebel army commander - Human Gundam figurine, that sort of thing..."

...

Shan TongTong opened the curtains. She looked at the headbang on the table with Ye Cang's name on it, and couldn't help laughing bitterly.

...

As for the culprit behind this event, Ye Cang was sitting on a deck chair and watching the shopping channel while muttering, "We earned quite a lot recently, let's buy some stuff."

"Multi-purpose alloy weapon. It can play music! It can transform into a vacuum cleaner! When attacking, it can violently discharge dust and trash to attack your opponents."

"Might as well buy one." Ye Cang stroked his chin, in thought.

"Kitchen Master. A set of the best kitchen utensils. In celebration of the east district's victory we're giving big discounts. Buy the entire set now and get 30% off! You didn't hear wrong! 30% off! What are you waiting for? Pick up that handheld console and buy now!"

"Right, what am I waiting for. Let's just click buy." Ye Cang nodded and reached out to place an order.

...

FrozenCloud had returned to the capital in order to handle the transfer procedures. She ignored her mother, who was urging her to stay, and was preparing her luggage. Then she once again set off to report to Lin Hai's drama department. Mr Su watched his daughter leave, and smiled. "The chick is finally spreading her wings... Lin Hai is a good choice..."

"Mm..." FrozenBlood nodded at the side.

"Will she be ok at Lin Hai by herself?" Mrs Su worried.

"It'll be fine. Sister Zhen's fiancee is there to take care of her. He was the one who started that holy war. BingYun was part of it too, that must be what made her want to transfer. This morning was the first time I've seen her smiling so happily. If I had known about it, I would have gone to Lin Hai with her." FrozenBlood said with a smile.

"The war? Good guy, he really is interesting. The scenes from that battle, tsk tsk, I was also in one when I was young. Me and your uncle Qin were in charge of launching a surprise attack on the administration building. The fight was intense..." Mr Su grinned, then returned to the house.

...

Lin Hai, east district.

Wu Na went to the school and saw that many things had changed. Of the college's top 10 most famous figures, Ye Cang had risen to number two, Zhang ZhengXiong to 4, Lin Le and Little Ye Tian to 7 and 8. In between them was the prettiest girl, the most handsome boy, west district's student council president, and people like that. First place was still unchanged, held by the leader above all four district's student council presidents, President Shen QianYi. Then next is the school's top 10 most eligible bachelors. A sweatdrop rolled down Wu Na's forehead when she saw it. Ye Cang had appeared on it. The picture was one of him wearing swim trunk, flip-flops, and was shirtless except for a light blue unbuttoned shirt. He was fourth place, reason being, 'Hair so white, smile so cold, though ordinary, but does not submit to anyone. Stepped forwards against the east district's student council president, and succeeded in protecting our right to not wear uniforms.' Wu Na shieverd. *Eh, there's still a ps.* 'PS: In other words, just because he has the title of Crusader King. It's a hard to earn reputation, which makes him rare goods.'

Wu Na saw that Ye Cang's popularity was still on the rise. *He's practically a celebrity. Am I destined to be a nameless artist until the end?* She sighed. *I won't give up on my punk-rock dream!* She clenched her fists tightly.

Meanwhile, FrozenCloud had finished her transfer procedures, and had moved into Ye Cang's seaside cottage. They showed FrozenCloud around the house, and then she chose the room above Zhang ZhengXiong's. According to Ye Cang, this was their dormitory.

FrozenCloud was curious why they didn't move into a bigger place. With the money they had earned recently, they could easily buy a bigger villa and still have plenty to spare. After thinking it over, she decided not to ask. It was find as long as there was a place to live, it didn't matter how big it was. Moreover, Nana lived here too, because there were posters in the room above Ye Cang's.

Ye Cang let Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le bring FrozenCloud to the night market, and introduce her, while getting her acclimated to the area. When she returned to the cottage, she got to enjoy the pleasure of sitting on a deck chair, drinking, and buying random things from the shopping channel.

Little Ye tian was at the research center wearing a labcoat, and was rapidly arranging data. As the great hero who brought them more funds, she had received her colleagues' respect. She was just here to finish up work and then take home some quarter's best researcher certificate.

...

College, central district, student council headquarters.

"Head president, please punish me." Zhong Yun, with the help of his two assistants, was here. He faced a black uniformed, short haired, black spectacled man, and begged for forgiveness. This person was the head president above the presidents of each district's student council - Shen QianYi.

"Zhong Yun, you didn't do anything wrong, why should I punish you? This time our student council has suffered a loss, but mostly because we were caught unprepared by team T-105. We lost out in popularity, not because of you. The board of directors aren't blaming anyone either. Because of the war, Lin Hai has become the center of attention, so we're receiving even more students. Although some things aren't good, like our student council's popularity suffering damage, but I have ways to amend it. Seeing that you're in so much pain, Zhao Fei, Ning Meng, you two bring him back." Shen QianYi pushed up his glasses and smiled.

Zhong Yun wanted to say something, but he saw Shen QianYi's smile, and simply nodded. With the help of his assistants, he left.

"You're really not planning to remove Zhong Yun? This event is a stain on our student council." The west district's long legged, beautiful president - Fang XinRu frowned.

"Zhong Yun isn't any worse than you. Even if you were in the east district, it wouldn't have been any better. Actually, if you were the one executed, the damage to our student council would have been even worse. For now, let's keep Zhong Yun. At least he fought to the end and never surrendered. His bravery deserves our praise, not our contempt." Shen QianYi said gently.

Fang XinRu was in a bad mood, but didn't dare retort. His words had reason, so she could only nod and sit down.

"In short, it isn't a problem of who to push the blame to. Everyone is to take action! We need to win back popular opinion!! You got that!!?" When he spoke of popular opinion, he got up, furiously slammed the table and was shouting.

The remaining three district's representatives and presidents were shaken by Shen QianYi's grandeur. They all nodded. "Got it..."

"Alright then, you should all go back first." Shen QianYi slowly sat down. When he saw that everyone had left, he sighed, and continued going through the proposals. A girl with short bangs and Zhou NingZhi written on her nametag quietly whispered, "Looks like you have a headache..."

"Not only has a holy war that has not been seen in 20 years happened, but the rebels actually won. I have to work hard so that the next head president won't be left with a mess. I'll need to personally act." Shen QianYi said without looking over, he simply continued going through the documents.

"You're going to participate in the five schools competition?" Zhou NingZhi asked.

"That's the first step." Shen QianYi faintly smiled.

Zhou NingZhi recalled how the school had invited president to be the team's leader, but he had tactfully declined. Who would have thought that because of this war, he would personally move to reclaim popularity. She took out a packaged porn magazine, "Right, this is the 'XX Prince' magazine that you wanted..."

Shen QianYi calmly took it and put it in his bag. He then said seriously, "A special edition of Cang TengKong's 'Tiger x Dragon' is coming soon, help me order it..."

"Yes president." Zhou NingZhi bowed.

...

That evening, in the night market.

Ye Cang and the others brought FrozenCloud to Old Wang's to celebrate. After FrozenCloud tried Old Wang's cooking, she couldn't help praising it to the heavens. "Old Uncle Wang, the dishes you make is too good!"

"Haha, you flatter me. Right, white hair's cooking must be pretty good by now. I often see him come over to learn by watching..." Old Wang laughed, but soon broke out in cold sweat. *Why do your expressions look so grave?*

"It's nothing. Old Wang, it's not my place to say, but my skills are approaching that of yours and Old Li's." Ye Cang said, making grand gestures.

On one hand, there was the passionate Ye Cang, and on the other, everyone else's faces were turning pale, and their eyes were all rolling, and some were trying not to smash their heads into the table. He felt ashamed. *What in the world is he making to have people react like that.*
