---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 304"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 304: Gina Vivian

"Team Leader, what's your call?" FrozenCloud asked as Lady Marlan walked towards the captives.

Everyone looked towards Ye Cang, waiting for him to make a decision.

Ye Cang took a deep breath, and thought for a moment. It didn't even take one second before he nodded, "Save! Lele, go in the crowd and cause havoc with your handcart. Brother SpyingBlade, Lil'Dino, you two are in charge of going up and saving them. Nana, Wang, Little Tian, find a good spot, prepared to support us from range. A'Xiong, hold the boss back. There's not much time, go go go!"

After he spoke, he shadow stepped to a distant corner, changed into his equipment, and drew his heavy crossbow. He aimed a Meteor Shot at the believers holding the captives. Everyone made their preparations. Lin Le took the lead to tear off his robe, summoned his handcart, and began swinging it around. "Lele tornado!"

"More heathens have come looking for trouble! Kill him!!" Marlan noticed Lin Le running amok. SpyingBlade and FrozenCloud saw that all the believers were moving towards Lin Le, so they quickly jumped onto the stage from the side. Zhang ZhengXiong equipped his weapon and armguard and charged at Marlan with a roar.

A spiraling meteor flashed by, piercing through three people holding captives, leaving a hole in them. SpyingBlade pulled out his lock picking tools, and skillfully removed their shackles. "Hurry and go!"

The four didn't speak. They all nodded, accepting the longswords and protective gear that SpyingBlade was handing them.

What surprised SpyingBlade was that the three men immediately took position around the blond woman. Although her face was filthy, he could still tell that she was a graceful and dignified beauty.

Wu Na unceasingly threw out spells. Whatever was available was cast. She indiscriminately bombarded the area, as if striving to empty her mana as fast as possible. Wang shot out magic missiles while controlling his water elemental to provide support. Little Ye Tian cast a shield on Lin Le, then began healing the freed captives.

Ye Cang's longbow was unloading a rain of arrows. Multishot, Bone Spikes, Triple Shot; a mini volley pierced tens of believers. He then reached out towards his quiver, pulling out the arrows made from bee stingers. He began to shoot while he ran, shooting down a werewolf believer who was leaping at him. Meanwhile, the tigerkin Little Ren and Lin Le were like a pair of baleful stars. They were like great generals with the power to annihilate thousands.

The battle was extremely chaotic. Zhang ZhengXiong was launched meters away by Marlan's shadow attacks, and landed with a flip. He charged back with a Barbaric Charge, interrupting her spell and returning the favor. Ye Cang noticed the captives were almost at the gate, and the number of believers was only increasing. He shouted, "A'Xiong, Lele, retreat!"

Lin Le holding his handcart, Little Ren, Ye Cang, and Zhang ZhengXiong all leapt off the stage. Lin Le pouted and roared, "Handcart Charge! Get out of my way!!"

While they were leaving, Zhang ZhengXiong raised his hand and his ring flashed. Ye Cang's two hands were wreathed in flames. They both threw out flame bursts.

Marlan got up. Her hood had fallen, revealing her sinister and cruel expression. "I won't let you leave so easily! You can't escape..."

When they got out the gate, Lin Le retrieved his handcart, and everyone rushed down the mountain without rest. Ye Cang ran while shooting behind them, holding the pursuers back as best he could. When they reached a cliff where they had to walk while sticking to the wall, Marlan suddenly appeared in front of them. "I said you won't be able to escape..."

SpyingBlade's heart sank. *How did she get here!? Was it that mark!?* A shadow attack was incoming. *Oh sh\*t!* 

Lin Le pushed SpyingBlade aside, and he swung his sword, sending a Netherworld Shock forwards! A huge shockwave exploded when the two attacks collided, knocking everyone off the cliff! Little Ye Tian summoned Little Ration right under herself and sat on him. Little Ration flapped its wings, rushed to catch SpyingBlade, and threw him onto a nearby cliffside walkway. Next to be saved was Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong. One by one, they were saved and thrown to safety. After the fall, although everyone was now scattered, she managed to save almost everyone. Seeing three of the captives still falling, she and Little Ration crashed into them, slowing down their fall, and knocking them onto a stone platform. All that was left was her father and that blonde woman. She looked at their position, but they were too far, even if she rushed at max speed. Although it had grown a bit, Little Ration still wasn't suited for high altitude flight. He could only glide and hover with effort.

Ye Cang heard the scream beside him. He stabbed his pike into the cliff wall, creating a trail of sparks, slowing his fall. *This should be enough!* He kicked off the wall, and activated his spear's ability, becoming three shadows which charged at the woman. The shadows vanished, revealing his real body. His hood had been blown off from by the wind, exposing his head of white hair which glowed under the moonlight. The blond woman stopped screaming, staring at Ye Cang's indifferent smile in a daze. She felt him forcefully grab her by the waist, and she blushed.

Ye Cang, with the momentum of his charge, arrived at another stone wall. He stabbed his pike into the stone, leaving a long trail of sparks. With one hand holding the woman, and another holding the pike, he managed to stop. Hanging in midair, he extended his foot, stepped on a slightly protruding part of the wall, and sighed in relief. He had finally stopped.

FrozenCloud saw Ye Cang's actions from the top. *That was like a f\*\*cking action movie! Isn't team leader's judgement and reaction speed too abnormal!? He not only didn't die in a situation like this, but he could even spare the time to save an NPC! And in such a dazzling heroic way no less!*

Little Ye Tian glided over, and Ye Cang threw the woman to her, letting her bring the woman to a safe place. Then he jumped. Little Ye Tian chased after and caught him, bringing him to the ground.

Ye Cang used his eagle eye to look at the distant broken suspension bridge, and smiled. *SpyingBlade, that guy is pretty reliable. He didn't waste his time as the first one saved.* He then turned and looked towards the blonde woman who was still staring at him in a daze, her eyes glowing with adoration. He faintly smiled, "You alright?"

The woman snapped out of her daze, and blushed even more red. "I'm fine..."

SpyingBlade who had cut the suspension bridge, as well as Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ren, the three church NPCs, all came to help FrozenCloud, Wu Na, and Wang fight Marlan. Lin Le looted her, then came down the mountain to meet up with Ye Cang.

"Damn, that scared the sh\*t out of me." Wu Na still felt her stomach dropping. She thought of the thrill of being blasted off a cliff and free falling, and she thanked god for Little Tian and her gliding bug. 

"Same..." Wang said with a forced smile.

"Friends, thank you all for saving us. Please, you must come back to the church with me. I Gina Vivian must repay my favors!" The blonde haired, dirty faced, woman looked at Ye Cang and said. She never even gave the others a glance.

"Even if you hadn't invited us, we would be returning to the church anyways. I've also been sent to Black Rock Mountain Range to investigate the cult..." Ye Cang shrugged. He took out a clean handkerchief, dipped it in water, then wiped her face clean. Everyone watched his actions with odd expressions.

Vivian remained silent, becoming as red as a tomato. Ye Cang noticed the looks everyone was giving him, as if he was doing something inappropriate. He put the handkerchief in her hand and smiled, "You should clean up a bit..."

"Let's go, back to Black Rock City. Although the bridge is cut, it's still only a matter of time before they get down. Let's not stay too long." SpyingBlade reminded.

Everyone began to hasten back. On the way, they learned that Gina was Black Rock City's Archbishop Vivian's daughter. Because she thought it would be fun, she had joined the investigation team, but was kidnapped. Ye Cang rejoiced. *Good thing we saved her. This is the daughter of Black Rock City Church's leader! We have to treat her well!* When they escaped from the danger-zone, Ye Cang treated her to the dwindling monstrous bird meat, queen bee meat, fried kagu maggot, and magic springwater. SpyingBlade and the others all looked at Ye Cang with disgust. When receiving a guest, he would make edible food, but for them, he would cook as if seeking death.

"Oh right, who sent you guys to investigate?" A man brown haired man named Kalat asked while eating the deep fried maggot meat.

"Little- cough cough... Grand Knight Captain Cross." Ye Cang replied.

"So it's lord Cross. We must thank him when we get back." Kalat muttered. The two knights beside him nodded.

Gina had been staring at Ye Cang the entire time, still holding the handkerchief he had given her. Wu Na looked expressionlessly at the atmosphere being created between that woman and Ye Cang. *Hey, damn Ye Cang. Another young lady has fallen for you...*

FrozenCloud had personally witnessed that scene. If she was in Gina's place, in that sort of situation, and saw such dazzling aerial maneuvers, she would probably also fall for him. Of course, that's only if she didn't know about his twisted, vile, two-faced, terrifying nature.

Gina saw Ye Cang turn to her, and she quickly lowered her head while blushing shyly. She gripped the handkerchief tightly in her hand.

Ye Cang couldn't help smiling. *Such a reserved woman that blushes so easily. Hah, she's much better compared to that something Rose, and that something Na, and all those others.* He finished making a delicious monstrous bird stew, more juicy fried maggot, and passed them over with a smile, "Eat some more. We have a long road ahead..."

Gina couldn't stop thinking about that moment, where she was in the depths of despair. That hand that wrapped around her waist. When she opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was that scary wolf head hood being pushed aside, revealing white hair which glowed with a gentle light under the moon. Although his eyebrows, and eyelashes were all white, and even his eyes were silvery white, making him look strange, but in that moment, under the moon, he looked so handsome. That smile that chased away all her fear had left an everlasting brand deep in her heart...

Ye Cang looked at the Gina, who was lost in thought. He reached out and waved in front of her eyes. Gina woke up, and realised that she had embarrassed herself. Her face blushed so red that it wouldn't be surprising if it started oozing blood. She quickly took the food Ye Cang was handing her, and ate quietly.

Ye Cang pulled Kalat over, and spoke familiarly, "This girl must have received quite a fright. She still looks out of it, or was she always like this?"

Kalat rolled his eyes at Ye Cang enviously. He unhappily turned away and continued eating. Although Miss Gina had fallen for this white haired guy, even if he was unhappy about it, they were still the saviors who had rescued the miss and his team. He could only sigh and smile bitterly.

After eating and drinking, everyone continued heading to Bal Village, then followed the path towards Black Rock City.
