---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 305"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 305: Dark Gold Equipment


Black Rock City

Ye Cang's party arrived at the church. Mar Junior saw Gina Vivian, and sighed in relief. That girl has finally been brought back. Archbishop Magi Vivian nearly ordered an all out attack on the Black Peaks.

Ye Cang saw Mar Junior's expression, and smiled. *So it really was like that. The main reason for the investigation was because of this Gina girl.* At this time, a solemn woman wearing a dark red bishop robe and bramble crown came out. She seemed extremely anxious. When she saw that Gina was fine, her expression became one of anger. She walked right up and slapped her. "Do you still dare to cause trouble!?"

After hitting, she looked regretful, and quickly hugged her. Tears rolled down her face. "Gina, don't do something so dangerous again, got it?"

Although Gina's face stung, she knew it was her fault. She had almost lost her life. "I know. Mom, luckily knight PaleSnow was there this time, otherwise I would never get to see you again."

Archbishop Magi released Gina to looked at Ye Cang and the others, focussing on Ye Cang. She said earnestly, "Thank you for rescuing my daughter. Knight Captain Cross, these are the people you sent right? We must thank them properly."

After speaking, she pulled Gina with her inside. Mar Junior noticed that Gina was reluctant to part form Ye Cang, and turned to look at him. *Good guy, not bad.* "Let's go. This time, you've earned a huge merit. Lord Bishop Magi has allowed you to go to the armory, and select any one item you want! Let's go."

Ye Cang and the others happily followed Mar Junior to the armory. They looked at the sparkling equipment that were all at least gold quality, with a majority being dark gold! They finally learned what the qualities above gold was. 

Ye Cang saw a ballista in the corner that was over 2 meters large. It had a silver colored string, and looked extremely heavy. He picked it up, and discovered that it wasn't as heavy as it looked. It was about the same weight as his heavy crossbow. There was even a little alcove on it.

Holy Church's Composite Magic Crystal Powered Mini Ballista (Dark Gold - Holy Church - Elite Standard)

Category: Personal Ballista (A class heavier than the heavy crossbow)

Requirements: 160 Strength

Damage (With Magic Crystal): 90 - 100 (110 - 130)

+30 Strength

+20 Constitution

+100 (140) Armor Penetration

+120 (160) Range

Magic Crystal Ballista - Pierce: Attacks have an extremely strong piercing ability.

Magic Crystal Powered: Insert a magic crystal to vast increase damage and penetration.

Reload - Mini Ballista: Automatically reloads after 15 seconds. Manually reloading can take as short as 5 seconds.

Ye Cang put his old heavy crossbow into his shadow, and put the mini ballista in his bag. Zhang ZhengXiong chose a dark gold quality silver heavy axe which had a large area holy attack as well as increased effect against undead. It also reached a max of 38 damage! It increased the effect of holy spells, and had high constitution and strength. Wu Na and Wang both happily picked staves. Although Lin Le was wearing a set, but this was dark gold equipment! One was as good as his 3 if you ignored the set effect. He chose a dark gold quality, silver huge greatsword. After leveling up his Backup weapon talent, he could equip one more weapon. He equipped an enormous bone blade and a enormous black sword on his back, and an enormous silver sword at his waist, allowing him to keep his set effect. Most importantly, his main weapon was now dark gold quality with a massive 39 damage, and an aoe attack skill, high strength, and awesome appearance. It wasn't a double edged sword, but a single edged straight sword. Although it was a straight sword, it looked more like an oversized anti-cavalry blade.

FrozenCloud's claws were a set and could still be upgraded, so she chose a martial artist robe. Although it didn't have the holy church tag, it could still be picked. It not only had high attributes, but as a class equipment, it had an ability that could temporarily double her stats, and increase her speed. Whether offensively or defensively, this equipment was perfect for her.

SpyingBlade decisively decided to pick a weapon as it was the most important thing to upgrade. He skipped over the gold quality ones, only looking at the dark gold quality swords. They were probably the first players in the game to have access to dark gold equipment. Even gold equipment was rare, let alone dark gold.

Little Ye Tian chose a necklace that could speed up her mana regeneration. What she needed was a steady flow of mana. The rest could wait.

Even Little Ren got to pick something. He had two new sabers, which came as a set, at his waist. SpyingBlade saw how Little Ren had chosen his own equipment. The pet's intelligence and strength was growing at a frightening rate. It also had a feline's agility and reflexes. Moreover, this standing tiger had been taught humanoid combat techniques by Lin Le, and could now even strike at weak points.

"Alright, besides equipment, here is the reward you deserve."

"Congratulations, you've received a random epic skill and talent, +1 talent point, +1 skill point, 30 gold, and a big increase in prestige with the holy church. You've become revered with the holy church."

Instrument Expert (Epic - Bard/Ranger - Beginner Level): Have an extra equipment slot for an instrument, +10 Instrument Proficiency, +7 Intelligence, +12 Wisdom.

Light Strike Array (Epic - Beginner Level): Chant 3 phrases and 1 verse (6 seconds) to create a fierce fire + light burst at target location, dealing 116 damage with a chance to cause knockback, stun, and critical damage. Cost: 30 mana. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Ye Cang sighed. Just how many things does this system want him to equip? He had a bow and swordstaff on his back, in his shadow was a pike and heavy crossbow, in his bag was a small sized ballista, on his waist was a special quiver. Where would he have room to carry an instrument? Most importantly, where would he get one? He looked at his new spell. Epic spells truly were awesome. It was a large scale control skill, with a mighty 116 damage! The only downside was it's long cast time, but with his capability, he would be able to finish chanting it in only 4 seconds.

He turned and looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le's talent and skill. A'Xiong got Heavy Armor Mastery, +30% defence, and heavy armor's movement impairment was reduced. His skill was a healing type skill, Desperate Prayer (When your health drops below 30%, can activate to heal all allies in range for 105 health and 2% a second for 10 seconds.)

FrozenCloud saw this skill and froze. *Damn, who can possibly PK him now? He's already a full constitution build with excessively high defence, now he has one more life-saving skill. It's weird enough for a priest to have strength, yet he has a skill that consumes all his rage to heal 50% health, he can cast healing spells himself, equipped with a heavy axe, he's simply a heaven defying tank. However, mine are also not bad. My talent increases max qi by 50, and increases attack power. Skill is a finishing strike combo, Mountain-Cat Strike (Instantly pounce at the target, dealing 5 strikes, with a chance to paralyse for 3 seconds.)*

Ye Cang continued to look at Lin Le's skill and talent.

Trade Secret - Shamelessness (Epic - Armed Merchant - Beginner Level): +10 Strength. When a skill with a probability is unsuccessful, it has a chance to trigger again within 30 seconds up to 2 times..

Sword Drawing Art - Flash (Epic - Beginner Level): Immediately perform a rapid sword draw, dealing 175% damage and inflicting bleed. This skill requires a previous sword drawing skill and will be added to it. Cooldown: 15 seconds. Cost: 10 rage and 15 energy.

Little Ye Tian's talent and skill were all support related. She got a very useful light type healing skill, Chain Heal (After healing the target, will chain to another nearby injured ally. Max 3 people.)

Wu Na was amazed at the might of an epic skill and talent. Her epic skill wasn't an attack skill, but a shielding type skill, Frost Armour. It would create an armour of ice around herself which could absorb 103 damage. When someone attacked her with a melee attack, it would slow the target. It lasted 30 seconds with a cooldown of 30 seconds. It was awesome. She could practically have it permanently active. It didn't cost much mana to cast either, at only 10.

Wang sighed as he touched the armor of ice on his water elemental. He looked at Wu Na and froze. He had also received an elemental armor type skill.

SpyingBlade smiled silently. The rewards this time around were extremely generous.

Besides SpyingBlade, everyone gave their gold to Little Ye Tian. Mar Junior dismissed everyone, but hinted at Ye Cang with his eyes, "You stay."

Everyone knew to leave, leaving only Ye Cang in the armory. 

"You're a pretty good kid. You really brought Gina back." Mar Junior wrapped an arm around Ye Cang's shoulder, all buddy buddy.

"I saw they were going to be executed, so I saved them, although there was a lot more involved." Ye Cang said indifferently.

"Now Archbishop Magi owes me a favor, so entering the council is only a matter of time. The reason half-elves are so readily accepted in this church is because of Archbishop Magi." Mar Junior said.

Ye Cang raised a brow doubtfully. He has heard about how half-elves are discriminated against... *Wait... Vivian... where have I heard that before?* "Vivian?"

"Mm, the Red Lotus - Shana Vivian. Archbishop Magi is her descendent. The church fears the Vivian family's power, so they began to wantonly massacre the half-elves, but many half-elves survived under the protection of the Vivian family. They threatened that if the holy church didn't stop their massacre, even if they had to risk extermination, they would make them pay the price. Even the church was afraid of them if they really risked death. The Vivian family's power was really no joke. Even without the Red Lotus, her husband was one of the continent's most famous sword saints, with strength no weaker than his wife. The Blind Sword Saint - Kalunsaar. They had, afterall, already dealt a big blow to the Vivian family. That, along with the fact that the evil religions were still watching, the two sides came to an agreement. The Vivian family would join the church, becoming one of the church's most powerful families. Thus the decision to pardon all half-elves came about, and all the destruction caused by the Red Lotus's rebellion was pardoned." Mar Junior explained. "After Archbishop Magi learned that I was a half-elf, she treated me very well. But we need a half-elf to rise and become the pope, otherwise the discrimination against us will never truly disappear..."
