---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 308"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 308: Fang Siblings**

The high school boy didn't understand. *Successor?* He looked at Ye Cang and found him familiar. *The Crusader King. He's been popular recently. Why was he there at the game? What's his relationship with the host?*

Ye Cang saw his doubt, and smiled. "You'll know with time. Rest well. Fang Ci."

"You've saved my life and my sisters. This life of mine is yours..." Fang Ci shook his head and said seriously.

Ye Cang didn't reply. He simply yawned and then left. "Bring your sister to come find me when you're discharged. Here's the address. My place is good for relaxing. You've already passed the threshold, so I can help you open your first lock."

Although he didn't understand those final words, Fang Ci still nodded. He looked at the seaside address. *By the sea huh?* Then he looked in the direction Ye Cang had left in. After a long time, he leaned weakly against the pillow. His harmless face showed that he was contemplating. He was thinking about the game, as well as the people he had killed. If he had died back then, then it wouldn't have mattered, but now the weight of his crimes were crushing his heart. *I hope the path he wants me to walk is one that will allow me to atone. Even if it's hell...* A look of conviction on his face. *... then I will become the devil.*

Fang Ci looked around. The medical equipment here was different. It was much more advanced. Also, the map app didn't have an address for this place. In fact, it said he was at a general store. Underground? Trying to figure out why there was such a high tech secret medical center here, he examined the coiling dragon motif. *Could it be, it's the legendary Dragon Group?* He made his way to his sister, Fang Tong's, ward, and watched her cute little face. He unsteadily pulled a stool to her bedside. A middle aged doctor came over. "The tumor has already been removed. There are no harmful side effects, she just has to rest and replenish her nutrience. This young lady is a bit malnourished, which isn't good, but it's not too bad. It can be gradually improved. This is the prescription I've given her. Go get the medicine and mix it with three bowls of water when you get home. Well, you two can go anytime. The organization has a lot of heavy injuries to take care of, so we need this bed. Don't worry though, she's fine. When you finish the medicine, just come here to get more..."

The middle aged doctor then went to rescue the other patients. Fang Ci didn't encounter any problems. He got the medicine and completely the procedure to check out. The nurses arrange a ride for him, and sent the Fang siblings to Ye Cang's cottage. At this time, Ye Cang had just walked home. He yawned, and saw the car. His eyes narrowed. *So fast?*

There were two nurses, one holding Fang Tong, and the other supporting Fang Ci. Ye Cang opened the door, and arranged a guest room for the two. "Rest first."

"Thanks..." At Fang Ci's thanks, Ye Cang simply waved it off. He yawned again and returned to his room.

Sitting by the bed, Fang Ci felt the fresh sea breeze blow across his face. He calmly watched Fang Tong's smile, she must be having a good dream. He leaned on the bed, and closed his eyes.

Early morning, breakfast time.

"Brother Lil'White, Brother Lil'White. Yesterday, I collected over 1000 gold together with Little Ren. The president said he would give me 20%, and gave me a quarter's best newcomer award, and even gave me his old merchant bag. The capacity is so big, and it can throw five things at once." Lin Le chattered endlessly while eating and drinking. Wu Na blinked. *Hellooo, Lele. There are two new people here, have you not noticed!?*

"Team leader, these two are?" FrozenCloud looked at the two. They both looked a bit pale, and were clearly recovering from some injuries or a surgery.

"My distant cousin Fang Ci and his little sister Fang Tong. Little Tong recently underwent surgery, so she's still a bit weak and needs some rest and relaxation. That's more or less it." Ye Cang said calmly.

Fang Tong was a bit afraid of the strange new environment. She held on tightly to Fang Ci's sleeve, and looked at Ye Cang gratefully.

*Hey! Just where did these distant cousins pop out from!?* Wu Na covered her forehead, too lazy to ask.

Ye Cang introduced everyone. The two of them courteously greeted, calling out Sister Nana, Brother Xiong, Brother Le, Sister Lil'Dino, and Little Tian. FrozenCloud wiped her forehead. *What do you mean Sister Lil'Dino?* "Umm, Team Leader, I have a name. Su BingYun..."

"It's just a nickname, you don't need to mind..." Ye Cang's words made FrozenCloud's heart tighten. *It's not your name that's being messed with, of course you won't mind!!* She sighed deeply. *Even my mother is calling me Lil'Dino. She's even thinking about why she never thought of giving me such a good name.*

Zhang ZhengXiong didn't say much to the two new arrivals. *Bro must have a plan.* Little Ye Tian thought the same. She looked at Little Tong, and blinked. *Is she going to be an enemy like Lele? Or an ally?! If I rope her in, perhaps in the future, she can help me deal with Lele. I'll give her some of my food as a show of goodwill.* Towards Little Ye Tian's strange behavior, Little Tong smiled and accepted. *This Little Tian seems weird. It looks like she wants something strange from me.* "Thank you..."

"Right, Little Fang, do you play Conviction?" Ye Cang inquired. As a high school student, if he was in his third year, then he should be able to play.

"Mm, I'm a Necromancer. Level 10. Black Rock City." Fang Ci replied as he ate.

"Necromancer, that's a pretty rare class, at least in Black Rock City. Black Rock City's Spirit Academy has long been squashed by the church. Their beliefs are too different. One believes in the master of light - Asider, the other the skeletal witch - Damira. However, the Spirit Academy is the orthodox spirit magic association. Their influence on this continent is not small. They have pretty good relations with the Ritualist Association, the Dark Shrine, and the War God's Temple. The Holy Church can't really openly crush them, but small scaled maneuvers will be overlooked." Little Ye Tian calmly shared the data.

Fang Ci froze. He himself didn't even know that much. He had just arrived in Black Rock City not long ago. She actually understood so much, this young lady is definitely not simple.

"300+ IQ, you don't have to mind her." Wu Na leaned over and whispered.

Fang Ci broke out in cold sweat. He was only at 130, and already felt he was really smart. He found it difficult to accept this unfairness.

"Alright. We're waiting for everyone to finish their class training. Little Fang, you should also join us. Join our Happy Firmament studio. Lil'Dino, you can have a new colleague..." Ye Cang nodded.

Fang Ci was doubtful. Happy Firmaments studio? FrozenCloud helplessly raised her hand and pointed to Ye Cang and the others, "Chairman, Vice Chairman, Vice Chairman number 2, Head of Public Relations, Treasurer..."

Then she pointed to Fang Ci and herself. "Employee..."

Fang Ci couldn't help smiling. He nodded.

"Ok, after breakfast, everyone should go finish their training." Ye Cang clapped.

"Bro, what about your training? I only saw you wandering around yesterday..." Zhang ZhengXiong couldn't help asking.

"Mm, good question. I finished mine long ago." Ye Cang said without the slightest giveaway. He couldn't possibly say that his association didn't have the funds, so didn't conduct training.

"Wow, Brother Lil'White is amazing!" Lin Le flattered. Ye Cang calmly accepted his praise.

"It seems like the adventurer's guild doesn't do training. The few people who joined were complaining. The association would probably prefer that their members completed one or two more quests." FrozenCloud's words made Ye Cang sigh. "I'm a core member of the adventurer's association. Just because the others don't, doesn't mean I don't..."

Everyone nodded, and dropped the subject. They returned to the game without asking any further.

Fang Tong, with Fang Ci's help, returned to her room to rest. Ye Cang went to the coast. Fang Ci followed after him. "I want to know what you want me to do."

Ye Cang looked out to the boundless sea. "You want to protect your sister? I also want to protect those beside me. You need strength. I need a successor. That is all. Do you know the 10 Commandments?"

Fang Ci shook his head.

"You can think of them as an organization that protects world order with extreme methods. Their main objective is to eradicate Salvation. I have another reason for saving you; it's because you've experienced the catastrophe of Zhentan city, and are one of the few survivors. Of course, this isn't the main reason." Ye Cang spoke indifferently.

"Salvation..." Fang Ci's hand faintly trembled. He recalled that night, where people were either dying or transforming. His parents had died to protect them two siblings, and they had been luckily rescued by the army, but only to be sent to Lin Hai's slums. In that disaster, he had nearly lost everything.

"Before I retire, I need to cultivate a successor. You're the person I chose..." Ye Cang smiled.

"Why me?" Fang Ci didn't understand.

"Because you still have your conscience, and have something to protect with your life. That much is enough." Ye Cang sat down. "It's still early. There's no rush. Even if you join the 10 Commandments, I hope you'll make your own judgements, and not be like Cold Moon. Even now, I still regret. Perhaps it was me who made her like that. Anyways, you'll meet her eventually. I'll have her bring you around for a while, give you some guidance, but you must be careful, because what you will experience will be a hell a thousand times more cruel than the game."

"I know." Fang Ci's expression was cold, and he nodded heavily. He then sat down with Ye Cang on the beach. "If... I'm saying if, I die. I hope you can take good care of my sister for me."

Ye Cang hesitated, then nodded. "I believe you won't die. Although it's still too early to say, but no matter what you will face, you have to trust Cold Moon's judgement, because she will absolutely not betray an ally..."

Ye Cang began to recall those countless times she had willingly risked her life so that he could leave, and he couldn't help smiling to himself. If he had to choose someone to fight by his side, he would pick her without hesitation. No one would make him feel more at ease. She was ruthless to her enemies, but would never abandon her allies, even if it would put her in a critical situation. That one time, he had been arrogant and he ended up getting poisoned by a strong neurotoxin, disabling both his arms and legs. She could and should clearly have left him. One death was better than two. But she chose to stay behind, and desperately support him. Her sword swung madly. No matter how many time he advised her to leave, she would remain silent. Even though she didn't say a word, she would continue to madly swing that sword. Even when her arm broke, she would just use the other and continue. When her leg broke, she stood with one leg and continued. She didn't let the aliens approach him. Ye Cang was completely moved by her actions. Because of her terrifying dedication and her desire to protect him, it made him think of the first time they met. That figure in Zhentan city's ruins protecting her family's broken bodies. When he snapped out of his thoughts, he had roared in his head, "I will definitely not let someone I care about die in front of me again!" Who would have thought that it would trigger the opening of his eighth gene lock. He had become like a demon, wreaking havoc, and brought her out. He held the weak Cold Moon to his chest. Up until then, he had never cried for any girl other than QinXue, that was his first time. She reached out her bloody hand to wipe away his tears, and asked completely emotionlessly, "Leader, why are you crying?"

Since then, he has never been over-confident on a mission again.
