---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 312"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Raymond Tan"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 312: Spore Fog**

Zhang ZhengXiong saw the pile of wriggling liquid creatures and felt some panic. He had killed countless slimes, but this thing looked too disgusting. It looked like a pool of pus.

"These creatures are immune to fire..." Ye Cang reminded. He reached out and tapped on the drum at his waist, giving everyone the effect of Boosting Beat. SpyingBlade heard the sound of a drum, then received a 5 minute strength and attack buff. *Musical Instrument? A Bard?*

"Normally, creatures that don't fear fire also don't fear light. Try ice..." Little Ye Tian proposed.

Wu Na began casting a spell. Chilling Wind! The damage was very low, but FrozenCloud noticed that the frontmost ones were beginning to freeze. Even the ones who weren't frozen became sluggish. She performed a Collapsing Palm, shattering one. The system told her she had killed it. "Their weakness is to freeze them then use physical attacks..." 

Wang also began to command his water elemental to use ice spells. Zhang ZhengXiong was like an ice sculptor, and began smashing them. Tens of acid sprays shot over, and he quickly leapt back. He was hit twice, and received a continuous corrosive effect. "Lil'Dino! Be careful, these things spit! The damage is not low!"

Ye Cang watched everyone deal with the liquid demons. A flame appeared in his hand and smashed into the swampwalker's head. The damage was extremely high. *I can't let him join the fight yet.* "A'Xiong, SpyingBlade, you two go hold back the boss. Lele and FrozenCloud, deal with these liquid things with Nana and Wang's help!"

Zhang ZhengXiong and SpyingBlade jumped a broken wall, and charged towards the swampwalker.

Ye Cang began to use his Light Strike Array, locking onto the boss's path. The ground began to dry and faintly burn. A hazy red pattern could be seen covering an area 20 meters across. Suddenly, flames emerged, spraying out violently like a fountain. There was a howl of grief. SpyingBlade looked at the range of this flame spell. *Last time's epic skill reward? Not bad. This is an area damage and control skill.* He saw that the boss's eyes were somewhat hazy, it had clearly been stunned. He increased his speed, and his swords were freed from his waist, slashing into the part kneeling knees, head, and chest. His swords dance was complimented by the special effects of various skills. He was like a butterfly fluttering above a burning star. Zhang ZhengXiong raised a brow. He stepped on the faintly burning ground, and his enormous axe left a huge trail as it slashed at its neck and shoulder. Ye Cang summoned the shadow of his heavy crossbow, then pulled out the mini ballista from his bag. The queen bee bolt was launched with a Meteor Shot, followed by the king bee bolt from the shadow weapon. The two heavy bolts hit the swampwalker, instantly dealing a huge amount of damage, however, it seems like the poison only dealt 25% of their usual damage, the rest was resisted by the creature's anti-poison body. This made Ye Cang extremely regretful as he put away his ballista.

Along with a roar, the swampwalker began to emit fungus that was sort of like spores that grew bigger and bigger. SpyingBlade sensed danger as he dodge an enormous arm, and began to retreat. "Don't stay there! Move!"

Zhang ZhengXiong also noticed that these spores looked like they were on the verge of bursting. Some had swollen to more than 3 meters. After activating a Thunderclap, he lowered his body and ran out of its range. He heard a few muffled echoes, and the spores behind him exploded, sending green dust blowing everywhere.

SpyingBlade, who was at the edge of the dust, watched as his health continuously fell, and his body gradually became paralyzed... His heart sank. *This thing, it has outrageously high health, and doesn't seem weakened at all after all those heavy injuries. Is it a raid scale boss?* He activated a movement skill, rushing out of the dust, and drank a moderate healing potion that Lin Le had made. Ye Cang saw that the boss was headed for the paralysed Zhang ZhengXiong. From his bag, he took out a spare molotov, and threw it between Zhang ZhengXiong and the approaching swampwalker. The raging flames covered them both, and the dust began to be burned by the flame, becoming twinkling stars. SpyingBlade nodded approvingly. It was better than being pounded by a boss while paralysed. Moreover, being burned by the flames might even help remove the paralysis and reduce the amount of airborne dust.

Zhang ZhengXiong sighed in relief. Although he was being burned alive, it wasn't unpleasant. He was no longer completely paralysed, but continued letting the flames burn him. These flames actually did less damage than the dust, afterall, he had very high fire resistance. He looked at his remaining ⅓ health. While still on fire, he began to run out of the dust's range. He quickly used the three healing spells saved in his holy text to heal himself up to ½ health. Ye Cang's healing stream also landed, as well as Little Ye Tian's healing and shield, followed by pearls of light. A line of light went from Zhang ZhengXiong to the nearby SpyingBlade, replenishing both their healths.

"How is the cleanup on that side?" SpyingBlade said, jumping into the ruins, intending to buy more time.

"Almost done, but this sort of spore skill is hard to handle. A'Xiong, buy us some time. I need 2 minutes for my aoe fire spell. When the other side is done, we can burn all these spores, and burn it to death." Ye Cang said, throwing out another flame burst at the rapidly advancing boss, making it stop for a second.

Having cleared up a large number of liquid creatures, they finally noticed the other side's activity. Wu Na activated her staff's ability. A piece of ice shot at a frozen liquid creature, shattering it, then it exploded, freezing all the nearby creatures into ice sculptures. FrozenCloud and Lele quickly rushed over, each taking a side, and attacked with all their might. Little Ren brandished his two blades to split them in half.

FrozenCloud performed a leg sweep then with a rapid rotation, Kamaitachi - Sweeping Wind! Three spins, like a mini tornado, smashed the liquid demons sculptures within a few meters of her. Fang Ci felt a bit powerless. He controlled his little skeleton to attack with its jagged sword, but the results weren't very good. At least he eventually managed to shatter two. Better than nothing.

"Bro, how much longer!?" Zhang ZhengXiong yelled.

"1 minute 20 seconds." Ye Cang said. He had been launching a continuous stream of fire arrows every 4 seconds, but the spores continued to grow back. The flames were also starting to die out quicker. Zhang ZhengXiong took out a molotov and set himself on fire. With a roar, he once again charged into the ever approaching spore. SpyingBlade froze. Although he knew of Zhang ZhengXiong's boldness, he was still impressed. That guy was truly fierce.

Little Ye Tian quickly cast a shield on him. Zhang ZhengXiong intercepted the swampwalker with a Barbaric Charge. When they collided, due to Zhang ZhengXiong be wreathed in flames, it seemed to be somewhat afraid. It's attacks weren't as fierce as usual. Although Zhang ZhengXiong could still hold on, his health was dropping quickly. The moment the molotov stopped burning, he once again threw another one, splashing both on himself and the boss. Activating Berserk Recovery, he used up his full rage and healed to 50%. Rainbow Slam! It was ineffective. The boss seemed to be immune to mental effects. He activated both his ring's abilities. There was a flame burst and a flash. Finally, he was out of ideas. 

SpyingBlade sighed. Even if he were to die, he wouldn't want to pvp against Zhang ZhengXiong. It's not that he would lose, but Zhang ZhengXiong was just too hard and even had high attack. For an assassin that depended on bursting people down, he was their worst nightmare. It was impossible to burst him down. His base class was a priest, so although he didn't have many movement skills, but life saving skills he had too many. Even after setting himself on fire and fighting a boss, he had still lasted so long! He probably hasn't even played his final trump cards...

"Ready. Come back A'Xiong." Ye Cang's Light Strike Array's cooldown was done. Zhang ZhengXiong unleashed another thunderclap, stopping the boss for a moment, then he turned and rushed out, sighing in relief. His only life-saving skill left was his new epic skill that he hadn't used yet, but since it was a group heal, he didn't want to use it on just himself. If possible, it was better to save it.

Lin Le straightforwardly used a Handcart Tornado to clean up the rest of the dozen sculptures, because he had received Ye Cang's signal. Everyone quickly rushed to that side. They saw a smokey scene covered in green dust and spores, as well as the swampwalker running out, wreathed in flames. Lin Le, as a master arsonist, wanted to charge in, but Ye Cang stopped him. "Lele, don't go in yet. This fog will completely paralyse you..."

Lin Le nodded. He jumped onto a nearby building, swung his new bag, and 5 molotovs were thrown out covering the entire boss in flames. Ye Cang saw that everyone was in position. "I'll clear the spores and dust around the boss. Lele, you use molotovs to open the way. Everyone else attack the boss with everything as soon as the flames appear. Once the dust is back, we won't be able to attack him. His recovering ability is strong, so we have to finish him in this rush!"

Everyone nodded. Ye Cang began to cast and his two hands began to glow. The boss was 20 meters away from everyone. Spores began drifting towards them, and were beginning to grow. At that time, the swampwalker felt a familiar dry feeling. He was about to retreat, but flames once against burst forth. Little Ye Tian quickly cast a shield on everyone. Lin Le threw out molotovs, burning the dust in their way. Everyone charged along the flames, avoiding the dust, into the not yet extinguished area of the Light Strike Array. Although these remnant flames didn't deal much damage, it still did some.

"Tactics - Rapid Pursuit!!" Ye Cang waved, activating the the group buff.

FrozenCloud pounced towards the stunned boss, her two claws cutting it apart. SpyingBlade began using all his skills, leaving blade beams everywhere. He left afterimages as he dodged the boss's attack, appearing behind it. Zhang ZhengXiong jumped to avoid a sweeping arm, and chopped his axe into its chest. Ye Cang pulled out his pike, activated Flame Blade, then it's replacement skill Flame Lotus. He leapt down from above, becoming three shadows in mid air, performing a combo of stabs. The strikes exploded into flames that looked like a lotus flowers, instantly dealing high damage, and momentarily paralysing it. Lin Le's figure flashed over. Sword Drawing Art - Flash! Returning Dragon! Surging Dragon! Whirlwind Strike! Then he leapt high in the air, summoned his handcart, Handcart Homerun! Hitting from the top, he smashed it into the ground. Although physical attacks had reduced effect, this attack still dealt impressive damage. The three spellcasters sighed at their uselessness. Fang Ci's Spirit Balls were at least doing stable damage, unlike Wu Na and OldWangFromNextDoor. Water and Ice element attacks were embarrassingly weak against it.

Everyone assault madly, even the mount Little Ration was there waving its scythes. SpyingBlade stepped out of the way, letting that leopard like figure past. Although dual wielding wasn't that effective against this boss, but that strength and speed... He could only sigh at the heaven's unfairness. 
