---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 315"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 315: Twisted Amalgamation of Spirits**

Everyone felt a chill. Ye Cang stopped and said quietly, "There is a clothed skeleton sitting on a chair in front. Be careful."

In the pitch black hall, only Ye Cang could see clearly.

"There's must be some significance..." SpyingBlade said faintly.

Everyone walked over to the stone stage while remaining vigilant. Now Ye Cang could see the parts previously obstructed by pillars. There were bones all over the place. Little Ye Tian glanced at the skeletons, and was able to distinguish from the bones special characteristics. "They're all woman..."

"Could they have been doing some evil group ceremony, and something went wrong?" Zhang ZhengXiong said. OldWangFromNextDoor made a knowing smile. Wu Na and FrozenCloud looked at the two with disdain. How did they even imagine that? Especially that vulgar bowl-cut.

"The feeling of starting an orgy but being interrupted. Hah~ too pitiful." Ye Cang said seriously, and stroked his chin in thought with a regretful expression.

"So that's how it as. That's really too pitiful..." Lin Le also stroked his chin, imitating him.

The two of them made Wu Na, FrozenCloud, SpyingBlade, and Fang Ci all freeze up, mainly because the two had no vulgar intentions. It was as if they were really trying to uncover some mystery. Besides Wu Na, who understood them better, FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade simply sighed.

When they examined the skeleton, they discovered that they weren't undead, just normal skeletons, some of which were elven. Little Ye Tian discovered that there was an ancient book below the stage. She grabbed it and carefully looked through it. It described a sort of ceremony that used virgin females as offerings to obtain eternal life, but the last few pages were illegible. They weren't able to figure out which god it was offered to. She reached out and rubbed some of the dust off of the stage and sure enough, there was a magic circle drawn on it. She frowned. This wasn't a ceremony of the nature goddess. Although she also accepted sacrifices, but it wouldn't be as cruel as in the writings. Most of her sacrifices were animals. There were many sacrificial ceremonies which used virgin girls. Many demons, evil gods and such like this sort of ceremony, because they could obtain pure magic power and evil energy, but... it was equivalent to making a deal with the devil, it would never turn out well.

"Any clues?" Ye Cang came over from examining the bones.

"It's an evil sacrifice. The goal was eternal life, but it was only temporary. It would require a virgin sacrifice periodically. The god is still unknown, it wasn't mentioned, but it wouldn't be Mallows, she should be a kind-heart neutral aligned god..." Little Ye Tian explained the clues she found.

"Then what exactly happened during the orgy?" Lin Le asked.

*Helloooo, we've already said it's a sacrifice, not an orgy.* Thinking of Lele's temperament, they figured a child's words carried no harm, so they ignored it.

"I also don't know..." Little Ye Tian shook her head.

"The filth hidden under the light, it's a common occurrence..." Fang Ci didn't have much interest in what happened.

Zhang ZhengXiong turned and frowned, "Did everyone feel that? The chill is becoming even stronger."

"Yeah, everyone be ready. I feel like something is about to come out." Ye Cang said, taking out his heavy longbow, and preparing an arrow. His eagle eyes scoured the area. Everyone took out their weapons.

They heard the sound of womens mournful wails, howls of grief, and weeping. Then, a scream echoed throughout the room, making everyone's hair stand on end. Wu Na leaned against Ye Cang, slightly shivering.

The sounds became more and more distinct. Everyone looked to the source of the voice. There seemed to be something hazy there, appearing out of thin are. Ye Cang could see it clearly. Although it was a spirit, it also wasn't. The twisted female face showed suffering, despair, and was screaming, howling. He tried identifying it.

Twisted Amalgamation of Spirits (Boss - Nightmare - Ghost - Rare): Although there are many reason for spirits to twist and fuse together, but it is something rarely seen. It's not as simple as having many people die together. Many times, it is due to a coincidental resonance. This one was due to an imperfect sacrificial ceremony that wasn't completed, taking form over a long period of time. It's spirit residue is an extremely rare ingredient.

"Careful, it's a ghost. Twisted Amalgamation of Spirits..." Ye Cang freed one hand and tapped on the drum at his waist, triggering Boosting Beat. Then he drew his bow and shot a normal arrow + fire arrow. The normal arrow did practically no damage, but the fire arrows damage was pretty good, like against the rest of the spirits. But this was a problem, "Physical attack are practically useless..."

Zhang ZhengXiong raised his heavy axe and charged over. He chopped, grabbing the attention of the twisted spirit.

"Do you have weapons with elemental damage with you? Preferable holy, fire, or lightning. Holy would be best..." SpyingBlade sighed, making a note to prepare holy damage weapons. Otherwise, against these ghost type enemies, it wouldn't be effective without the elemental damage. Luckily, the elemental damage on a weapon would scale with their physical damage according to the ratio. In the holy church's armory, he had hesitated, but had chose this sword without holy damage. As the little helper, Ye Tian was able to instantly identify the pull out a longsword with fire damage from the huge piles of equipment in the cart. FrozenCloud also quickly retracted her claws, and took a dagger with lightning damage. These were all masterwork quality.

SpyingBlade smiled bitterly. His main hand weapon had instantly fallen 3 grades. He swapped his dark gold longsword to his offhand.

Lin Le straightforwardly held his bag in front of him, planning to be a fulltime bomb thrower. After having used all their molotovs, Little Ye Tian had brought more materials from the grocery story, and they had made dozens more, which should be enough.

"I'll go give us some vision! FrozenCloud, don't go up. Stay in formation in case it changes targets." SpyingBlade took out a torch, and began placing them one by one in the sconces.

Ye Cang nodded. With the torch's light, he would be able to use shadow walk. Whenever healing light was off cooldown, it would be cast on the twisted spirit. Wu Na and Wang did the same, mainly relying on healing light to deal damage. Under the constant streams of holy light, the spirits entire body was emitting smoke, and it was wailing in anguish. "Let me go!"

"Die! Die! Die! Die!"

"You won't have easy deaths! Bastards! Bastards!!"

"I don't want to die!"

"No! Don't do this to me!"

"The great Mallows will definitely punish you!!"

"I beg you, please spare me, sir priest! I beg you!"

"Eeeeek! EEEEEEK!!"

The spirits, under the attack of the burning light, began to speak and express the scenes before their death. It screamed, making everyone shiver. Little Ye Tian was able to use this to infer what had happened. 

Due to Zhang ZhengXiong's class, his attacks already carried a trace of holy power. He even had class equipment that gave him even more holy damage, like the cross on his wrist. He became the one with both the most damage and defence. When he saw those faces that kept appearing all over the spirit, those struggling faces, if this was reality, he would probably have pissed himself in fright...

An athletic figure dashed over. Little Ren's sabers flashed, dealing big damage. SpyingBlade, who had quickly set the torches, looked at those sabers. They were dark gold rank holy weapons! *F\*\*k, even a pet is using dark gold grade holy weapons.* He shouted, "Little Ren, throw me one!"

Little Ren looked at SpyingBlade, and threw his left hand weapon over. SpyingBlade caught it and looked at the attributes. It had a max of 31 damage with 11 - 15 additional holy damage. It also had an ability to add additional light damage. The set effect would have given +13 to all attributes. He began to question why he did not picking a set. Back when he was choosing, he felt like it was too much, and was now regretting. Receiving the dark gold saber, he swapped the fire elemental sword to his offhand, then charged into battle. 

The twisted spirit suddenly disappeared. Ye Cang quickly pulled out his pike and used Flame Blade, then Flame Lotus. Seeing the spirit appear beside Wu Na, he charged over with Dashing Straight Thrust, and stabbed, causing a lotus shaped explosion. His straight thrust combo cause another two explosions. FrozenCloud brandished her lightning dagger, but it's effectiveness was somewhat embarrassing.

Seeing that FrozenCloud had it, he dodged an incoming biting face, and shadow stepped to the shadow under a nearby sconce. He then began shooting fire arrows, while casting healing light to deal heavy damage. 5 people casting healing lights caused the boss's body to burn. Thanks to the restraint from being burned by holy power, the spirit spent most of the fight screaming in agony, so it's damage was severely reduced. SpyingBlade sighed in relief. Without Shaking Bear and Little Ye Tian, these two holy classes, Little Ren's dark gold holy weapons, as well as so many spellcasters who could cast healing light, this fight would probably have been extremely difficult, even worse than the marshwalker outside.

"Eeek!! EEEEEEK!!!!!!!!" An extremely piercing shriek echoed throughout the palace. They could almost see the ripples created by the soundwaves. 

Everyone was unable to move. As the scream slowly died out, everyone felt like they couldn't control their bodies. They began to raise their weapons against their allies. Ye Cang quickly activated Swift Retreat, breakout out of the control. The twisted spirit began to quickly float after him.

Ye Cang activated Cloudwalk, substantially increasing his speed and dodging ability. He shot towards the front door, dodging thread like spirit attacks. When he had pulled the boss far enough, he shadow stepped back to everyone's location, and slapped his drum fiercely. A sound wave reverberated through the room. Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, SpyingBlade, Wu Na, Little Ye Tian, broke free of the control with the help of the drum. Then Wang and Fang Ci were both freed by Little Ye Tian's skill. Everyone once again attacked like storm. Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ren, SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud all surrounded it. Ye Cang, Wu Na, Wang, Little Ye Tian, were chanting healing light like a choir. Fang Ci awkwardly used is Spirit Ball. Although the damage was low, but it was better than nothing. As for Weak Sauce, it was acting as a cheerleader way over at the front door. It had never even entered the palace...

"Congratulations, you've slain the Twisted Amalgamation of Spirits. Received 3000 experience."
