---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 316"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 316: Solemn Goddess Mallows**

Everyone watched as the spirits struggled for the last time, then finally showed a serene expression. They became a bunch of colorful lights. Everyone felt somewhat moved. These spirits were the girls who were cruelly sacrificed. 

"Rest in peace..." Ye Cang looked like a buddhist monk praying with one hand, then suddenly charged towards the spirit residue. FrozenCloud, Zhang ZhengXiong, and SpyingBlade were already prepared, forcing him to give up on his ambitions.

Lin Le leisurely walked up and looted the corpse. There were 2 gold quality equipment, 1 skillbook, and 1 top quality distinguished equipment. He passed them all to Ye Cang for distribution.

Ye Cang first looked at the skillbook. Summon Grieving Soul - Bali, and directly gave it to Fang Ci. "Call it out and let us see..."

Fang Ci learned it. He sprinkled some dust and a phantom figure appeared. Her ghostly hair drifted strangely. She had a beautiful pale white face, but her furrowed brows gave her a vicious appearance. She wore a somewhat tattered white dress, and was floating in the air.

Name: Caroline Bali

Category: Ghost

Level: 10

Specialty - Ghost Form: Weak to light, immune to a majority of physical attacks. Floats quickly and can appear and disappear at will.

Strength: 31

Dexterity: 45

Constitution: 30

Intelligence: 71

Wisdom: 63

Mental Damage: 33 - 36

Magic: Most third rank or lower curses, mental, or soul type spells.

OldWangFromNextDoor saw her fluttering dress, and wanted to peek under it, but saw the looks Wu Na and FrozenCloud were giving him. He poked at Fang Ci with his elbow and said jealously, "Kid, you're quite lucky with women. I really want a summon like this too..."

"......" Fang Ci broke out in cold sweat. Would this brother Wang die if his brain stopped thinking about those things?

SpyingBlade was thinking that this little brother would now be more useful. This vengeful spirit's uses weren't few, especially in PVP.

Lin Le walked over and curiously touched the ghost, however, his hand went into her butt, and out her crotch. He pouted and said naively, "It feels so weird! It's like I'm touching her but also like I'm not!"

"For real." Zhang ZhengXiong directly stuck his two hands through her chest and out her back.

"Try with a weapon..." Ye Cang poke through her mouth with his pike and said seriously.

Wu Na and FrozenCloud were flabbergasted. They snapped out of it and were about to pull the three away, when they saw that SpyingBlade had also come up to Lin Le and stuck his hand into her butt. "Really? Wow, the feeling really is a bit strange. It's cool inside. Feels pretty good..."

Fang Ci was pointing at the four of them, his finger trembling. He had just summoned it and hasn't even gotten to touch, yet she was broken in by these four...

OldWangFromNextDoor ran over wanting to join in, but was kicked away by the other four in disdain. "Go away you vulgar guy."

*Hello, are you sure you should be saying that about others?* Then, they noticed Little Ye Tian had squeezed in and was standing in her skirt. Due to it being translucent, they could see the part that she looked to be intently studying. She even reached out and poked it. Wu Na quickly rushed over and pulled her away, then chided her, "Girl's can't do things like that! Got it!?"

"I just wanted to look and see what a ghost b\*tch's XX is like." Little Ye Tian calmly said, making the two women not know whether to laugh or cry. They pulled the four men away. Fang Ci just stood there muttering, "I've actually been NTRed..."

The two women then looked at the ghost's face that was blushing red. *F\*\*k! Are you really an evil spirit and not some strange prostitute spirit!?*

"Let's continue distributing equipment. Stop with these weird things." SpyingBlade urged seriously. The two women, Fang Ci, and OldWangFromNextDoor's heart all tightened. They roared in their mind, *you were doing it too!*

"There's a gold spellcaster necklace and robe. The robe adds to necromancy so will go to Fang Ci. As for the necklace, Nana, Wang, you two discuss it." Ye Cang took out the two spellcaster equipment, and gave the robe to Fang Ci.

OldWangFromNextDoor renounced the necklace and directly gave it to Wu Na. Ye Cang didn't want it, because his necklace was unique, and didn't need to be replaced. The distinguished item was a spellcaster shawl, which Ye Cang directly gave to Wang. SpyingBlade crossed his arm and smiled. This boss was a treasure trove for spellcasters. All three spellcaster got a piece of equipment. However, it was mostly the spellcasters contributing to this fight anyways. He himself couldn't do much.

Ye Cang took the Dream Specter Dust, putting it in a sack as if it was flour. He called for the distant Weak Sauce to come over to continue exploring, however, the answer he got from the little demon was, "We're not out of danger yet. When it's safe, I'll come over..."

Ye Cang tightened his grip on his pike and sighed. He really should have just stabbed it when he first summoned it.

There was still 2 hours left on their food buff, so everyone just drank some magic springwater to restore mana. When they healed up enough, they headed towards the door on the right. A push sent it crumbling into splinters. Inside was a small room. SpyingBlade explored it. Using his perception and experience, he found a secret mechanism and revealed a secret entrance behind the bookshelf. Little Ye Tian flipped through the books on the books on the shelf. There were many about the nature goddess and her three daughters. These were all fairly precious documents that can't even be found in the holy church's library.

Everyone descended to the cellar. More accurately, it was a prison. The bones in the cell all belonged to women. This must be the place where offerings were imprisoned. They also counted roughly 100 victims outside the cells. These were probably the priests that were trapped here by the twisted spirit and starved to death. Little Ye Tian found a damaged diary by one of the skeletons. She quickly opened the rusty metal clasp on it, and flipped it open. It recorded the daily activities of the girls this skeleton was in charge of, what he had seen in the ceremony, then how he had lived here until he starved. She finally understood what happened. "Their ceremony wasn't an offering to a god. It was a sort of alchemical ceremony that transferred the life energy of virgin girl to temporarily extend one's life. The scene is recorded here..."

"Incomplete sacrifice." Ye Cang recalled what he had seen during identification.

Little Ye Tian froze, then nodded. "Just as father says, an incomplete sacrifice created the twisted spirit. This is why sacrifices should only be made to gods, because gods can take every part of the offering including the soul. Especially for those extremely cruel gods, devils, and reapers. Mephisto would be a good example, even the spirits that are left behind are enslaved."

"So that's why. Just like I thought..." Lin Le nodded in approval. Wu Na and the others all wiped the sweat from their foreheads. Even they didn't completely understand.

"More simply, they were able to transmute the energy from the flesh, but weren't able to properly handle the remaining soul." Little Ye Tian simplified.

"Let's go back up. There are a few more rooms to check. Let's look through them all, there might be a chest or something." Ye Cang said, then ran out of the basement. Everyone quickly followed. They didn't find anything in the remaining rooms. Finally, they went up to the area behind the stage. Behind it was a sheer cliff, the sound of water could faintly be heard. Ye Cang's eagle eyes contracted, and he could see that there was a river at the bottom. On the other side was just an unending mountain range which was extremely rugged and steep. 

"There's a bridge over here!" Wang came to the right and looked down. Linking the two sides of the cliff was a stone bridge. However, it was broken. There was a part missing in the middle. Everyone walked down the stairs on the right, and came to the edge of the bridge. Little Ye Tian glanced at it and said, "It's approximately 9.24152 meters."

Wu Na was speechless. *That's your approximately!? It's 5 decimal places!*

Lin Le rapidly leapt, jumping to the other side. Little Ren took a running start and jumped over with him. Ye Cang shadow stepped, appearing beside them. SpyingBlade also appeared behind them. Little Ye Tian rode Little Ration and flew over. The rest of them were carried over by Little Ration.

Ye Cang looked at the grove in front of them. He couldn't help but feel that this should have been an empty surface in the past. They entered the grove, and saw a 30 meter tall sculpture beside a big tree. It was now covered in vines. Everyone pulled the vines off, revealing a bloodstained, malevolent statue. However, the graceful curves and solemn appearance were still present. 

"Let's clean it up. This blood must have been spread on purpose to cut off the connection between the statue and god." At Little Ye Tian's words, everyone took out handkerchiefs and whatnot to begin cleaning this thousand year stain. Wang volunteered to clean the chest. Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong, and SpyingBlade went to work on the butt. Ye Cang calmly combined his pike and a handkerchief into a mop, and was cleaning her lower body. The two women cleaning the legs were breaking out in cold sweat for a variety of reasons. Just how low would these guy go? Of course, the best cleaning helper was the water elemental Tobira. Having her around made this time-consuming work many time easier.

When it became clean, the statue began to emit a gentle green light. Ye Cang looked at the part he had cleaned with his pike mop and muttered, "Her XX is glowing..."

"Her chrysanthemum is glowing..." Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and SpyingBlade all said.

"MM cups are glowing..." OldWangFromNextDoor said excitedly.

"Do you have to say it like that..." Wu Na, FrozenCloud and Fang Ci said from the side.

"Brave warriors, thank you for saving this place. Accept my blessings..."

A gentle light poured into them.

"Congratulations, you've obtained Mallow's Mountain Forest Blessing: permanent +15 nature resistance, permanent +3% speed, permanent +3 intelligence, a chance to learn a nature skill."

"Congratulations, you've learned Mark of the Wild - Beginner Level: Instant blessing. Surrounding allies gain +15 all attributes, +50 nature resistance, +15 defence, and restores 1 health every 4 seconds for 3 hours. Cost: 115 mana. Cooldown: none."

Out of everyone present, the only ones to get skills were Ye Cang, Lin Le, and SpyingBlade. Lin Le got Mallows Healing Medicine Knowledge, which gave his manufactured potions a healing over time effect. After drinking one now, an extra 30% of the potions healing will be healed over time. SpyingBlade obtained a skill that allowed him to meld into trees, making him very satisfied. This skill was very useful for assassinations, especially in forests. The duration was fairly long, and the cooldown was also acceptable.
