---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 318"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 318: Slot Machine**

"Congratulations, you've slain Lucky Slime - Gold. Received +1 level (original experience unchanged) and +1 skill point."

Everyone sighed in relief, feelings of happiness replaced their anxiety. The boss's reward actually allowed them to jump a level. Little Ye Tian was planning to first revive Lin Le, but she received a flood of messages from Ye Cang saying, "Revive me first! Revive me first! The corpse is mine! Let me loot it! Revive me first!"

The rest was just a constant stream of 'Revive me first' as if he was chanting some sort of incantation.

"......" Everyone broke out in cold sweat. Just how strong was his attachment to looting.

Little Ye Tian pretended to already be casting. "Father, you'll be next. I'm already casting and can't interrupt it."

"Liar! Liar!" Ye Cang began to spam.

Lin Le, after being revived, lazily rolled and got up. He reached out towards the boss, and picked up a dark gold ring as well as a special looking coin.

Little Ye Tian began to replenish her mana. After the 10 minute cooldown, she revived Ye Cang, and saw him glaring at her, telling her to come over with his good-willed smile. Little Ye Tian knew nothing good would happen, but she still went over. "Father, it wasn't on purpose..."

"Why would I be mad at you? Come closer, Little Tian..." Ye Cang said kindly. Little Ye Tian gulped, and took a step forward into his attack range. Ye Cang instantly grabbed her head and bit down on her crown. Ambiguous words came out of his gnawing mouth, "You dare not revive me first! Teach you to help outsiders over family!"

"I won't do it anymore. I really won't do it anymore! Father, forgive me!" Little Ye Tian shouted out in pain.

"Exactly Little Tian, how could you do that. You actually didn't revive Brother Lil'White first! I was wrong about you!" Lin Le said aggrieved as he walked over and handed the items over to Ye Cang.

"You!!!!" Little Ye Tian pointed at Lin Le, her whole body trembling in rage, but she was distracted by the pain on her head and continued begging for forgiveness. Ye Cang released his jaw, then lovingly pett Little Ye Tian's head, "Next time, revive me first, got it?"

Little Ye Tian covered her head, and nodded desperately.

Ye Cang looked at the two items.

Lucky Slime Ring (Unique - Slime)

Category: Ring

Requirements: none

+10% All Stats

+5% Damage

+5% Defence

+5% resistance against negative effects

+6 Luck

Gliding Wings: Allows the wearer of the ring to glide for up to 3 minutes. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Super Speed: When using a charging attack skill, there is a chance to trigger this effect, increasing your speed by 5 times for 1 second. Can be triggered once every 5 minutes.

Lucky Slime Coin - Gold: Activate to increase your luck by a number between -10 to 10. If 0, will activate a lucky slot machine.

Ye Cang was puzzled by the coins effect, but decided to just try it out once everyone revived. Little Ye Tian saved everyone one by one, spending quite a bit of time.

Ye Cang shared the ring and coins stats with everyone. SpyingBlade saw that it was another slime series ring that Shaking Bear could probably fused. The rings attributes weren't fixed numbers but were percentages which was useful. It would allow it to be used for a long time. Unless an amazing ring was found, it would never have to be replaced. Both of its skills were useful, especially Super Speed. Although it wasn't stable, but when it triggered it would definitely catch others unprepared. This was probably the passive that caused everyone's deaths. Speed that even he couldn't react to.

Zhang ZhengXiong took the golden ring. The three in one ring in his hand became 3 small droplets. The lucky slime ring in his hand also turned into a small golden droplet. The four droplets seemed to happily squeeze together, then became a ring made of four spiraling colors.

Four Coloured Slime Lucky Ring (Unique - Ring - Slime - Quest Item)

Category: Special Ring

Requirements: none

+15% All Attributes

+15% Defence

+10% Damage

+10% Spell Power

+10% Resistance against Negative Effects

+10% All Resistance

+8 Luck

Gliding Wings: Allows the wearer of the ring to glide for up to 3 minutes. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

Super Speed: When using a charging attack skill, there is a chance to trigger this effect, increasing your speed by 5 times for 1 second. Can be triggered once every 5 minutes.

Four Colored Fortune (Choose one of four, can be changed daily)

Four Colored Fortune - Spell Storing - White: Can store any spell in the ring. To change the stored spell, must wait one natural day. The cooldown of the spell is the same as it normally is.

Four Colored Fortune - Spell Reflection - Blue: Reflect one type of spell to the caster. Cooldown is the same as normal cooldown for reflected spell.

Four Colored Fortune - Flame Burst Transformation - Red: When receiving fire damage, can attempt to absorb it, then turn the energy into a flame burst spell. Damage is based on the strength of the absorbed fire ability. Cooldown is the same as that of the absorbed fire ability.

Four Colored Fortune - Gold: Activate to forcefully make the next attack received deal only 1 damage. Only works on 1 hit. Cooldown: 1 natural day.

The ring's attributes left Wu Na and the others flabbergasted. Even SpyingBlade was frozen in place, stunned. At this stage in the game, this might as well be a friggin divine artifact. It was good enough to never be replaced for the rest of the game. It had percentage based stats and still had room for growth. Four skills that could be changed daily, each of which was extremely practical. The first was equivalent to an extra skill, the second was the bane of spellcasters, the third was for special situations against fire mages, and the final one was the most abnormal. To make any one attack only deal 1 damage, although the cooldown was as long at 1 full day.

Zhang ZhengXiong raised the ring in his hand and grinned. Lin Le was extremely jealous. Even Ye Cang felt some jealousy. "A'Xiong, I'll wear it mondays, wednesdays, and fridays. You can have it tuesdays, thursdays, and saturdays. Sundays can go to Lele..."

"Chill chill. Bro, this is mine." Zhang ZhengXiong said, wiping and blowing on it. "Which of the four do you think I should pick?"

"Don't pick, leave your choice for later. Just quickly pick when you need it." SpyingBlade gave him a veteran player's analysis.

"But that way, spell storing is wasted. Actually, you can only pick from 3 in emergencies. The first one needs to be prepared beforehand. I feel like choosing spell storing and storing a powerful skill is a pretty good choice. For example, that team life-saving skill you have can be saved, then you can use it twice in a crucial situation. It won't be any worse than the other three choices." FrozenCloud gave her own advice.

"On normal occasions, you can pick spell storing. When you fight a strong boss, then you can change it to the other ones during an urgent situation. Right now it's hard to say. The four skills are for different situations, so you need to respond according to the event, afterall, you need a whole day before picking again. However, I recommend first picking spell storing." Little Ye Tian combined their two opinions, combining their pertinent points.

"The girls are also right." SpyingBlade agreed. The four skills were all for different situations, for example, the last one would be reserved for a boss's final ultimate attack. He himself was still partial towards leaving it undecided, to be prepared for an extreme situation.

In the end, Zhang ZhengXiong listened to FrozenCloud, and chose Spell Storing, storing Desperate Prayer. SpyingBlade smiled bitterly. This Bear was becoming harder and harder to kill. He had experienced the effects of Desperate Prayer, instantly restoring over 120 health and another 2% per second for 10 second.

Wu Na couldn't help thinking that if they sold this and Ye Cang's ring, they would be rich! It would definitely be worth more than a guild charter.

"Ok, I'll be using this coin." Ye Cang said, then directly used it. He wasn't planning on discussing it with the others at all. SpyingBlade and the others didn't have time to stop it even if they wanted to. Looking at the coin's effect, this guy's chance of getting the slots... A pity that such a good item was fed to the pigs. At least with Lele, it would at least add some luck, making his looting ability even stronger.

What surprised everyone was that when the coin fell, the number landed on 0. A slot machine appeared. Ye Cang caught the coin, and looked at the slot machine. He excitedly put the coin in the slot, then a number 3 appeared. He was just about to reach out and press a button, but everyone stopped him. FrozenCloud shouted, "Team leader, you need to calm down! Let's all consult before pulling it!!"

"I got the slot machine! All three chances are mine! I'll definitely get a ring that gives +200 to all attributes! And +100 levels!!" Ye Cang's eyes were already red. He had completely lost his sense of reason, becoming mad. Finally, only after an hour did they persuade him down to just one time. The remaining was split one for Lin Le, and one for Zhang ZhengXiong who had luck equipment.

"Humph~ A competition between us three is fine too. I'll show you why they call me the god of slot machines..." Ye Cang sneered. Wu Na facepalmed, thinking back to when Ye Cang had played slots. She repeatedly sighed. It's not that she hasn't seen him play slots before, she's just never seen him win! And he had even borrowed her money...

Ye Cang looked at the screen, lifted his right hand high, and pulled down on the stick. The frames began to turn and his strange chant started. "Divine artifact! Divine artifact! Level +100 is fine too. I'll even accept the +200 all attribute ring, or a 200+ damage bow!"

Everyone was drenched in cold sweat. *You're expecting way too much.* SpyingBlade had also gotten the slots a couple times, and had once gotten a pretty decent items. *Those things you're mentioning are perhaps possible in the Chrysanthemum Emperor's time, but now it's definitely impossible. Just you see. Otherwise, they would break the game's balance too much.*

In the end the first frame landed on the +200 attribute ring and stopped. Ye Cang sighed, "I told you. If you guys had let me loot the corpses, I would have broken this game already. Hah... I'm taking the ring..."

The motionless frame then turned once more, arriving on some unknown object. "Congratulations, you've obtained The Excrements of the Black Dragon King."

Excrements of the Black Dragon King: One of the ingredients to make Dragon Slaying Drug or can be used as extremely precious fertilizer.

Everyone looked at the warm thing in Ye Cang's hand, and they all froze. Then as a team, they held their stomachs and burst into laughter. They laughed so hard that they had trouble breathing. Even Fang Ci couldn't help laughing so hard that his insides hurt when he looked at Ye Cang stare dumbstruck at the poop in his hand.
