---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 319"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "kunibeard"
---

**Chapter 319: Guild Charter Bloodthirsty Scroll**

Ye Cang snapped out of his daze, and flew into rage out of humiliation. Seeing everyone mocking him, he indifferently smiled, "The systems says this is an extremely precious ingredient. Next time, I'll toss it into the pot..."

Everyone's mood immediately fell. That things stink was so strong. If the black dragon king's excrements were to be added to it... The thought of it made their stomachs roll. How evil would he have to be to do that! 

"Team leader, everyone was just joking with you..." FrozenCloud quickly consoled him.

With everyone working to appease him, he wrapped the black dragon king's excrements and put it into the handcart. Then he forced OldWangFromNextDoor to summon his water elemental and used it to wash his hands. Wang sullenly looked at his water elemental that had began to faintly stink.

"Umm, A'Xiong. Give me your turn." Ye Cang wanted to continue playing. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly obstructed him. "Bro, we've already decided. Don't renege on a promise..."

"Hah, then I'll see what you guys can get..." Ye Cang back of reluctantly.

Zhang ZhengXiong stretched his thick arms, and reached up to pull on the stick. The frames began to spin.

Ye Cang continuously chanted, "+500 all attributes divine medicine! Got it! Give it! Eh, it passed! Then that 500 damage pike! Yeah! Oh, it passed again!"

Everyone looked at him speechlessly. Just how obsessed was he with broken items? Looting corpses too. Could he be less crazy about it!?

In the end, the frame landed on a disk. SpyingBlade raised his brows. *Not bad, a guild charter. This thing is currently very valuable. Right now, the only official guilds were Mad War and Flame Dragon Union. Lord's Reign, Freedom Alliance, Misty Rain House would all fight over this. It will definitely fetch a good price.*

"Bro, it's a guild charter. What should we do?" Zhang ZhengXiong inquired.

"Leave it. We'll use it. Our Happy Firmaments will become famous!!" Ye Cang said.

"You're sure you won't sell it? If you sell it now, it will sell for a very good price..." SpyingBlade reminded.

Wu Na also wanted to say that, but the decision was Ye Cang's to make. She would rather not influence this sort of decision.

"Who cares..." Ye Cang said, brushing off his hands. SpyingBlade didn't persuade him any further. Thorns and Roses was also not an official guild yet, so FrozenCloud could only sigh. *If that's what team leader wants then fine. I won't urge him.*

"Lele, your turn." Ye Cang said, taking the charter with a smile. Lin Le went up. SpyingBlade and the others were looking forwards to what would come out. Lin Le's luck was a proven fact. They watched the rotating frames, and began to pray. Finally it landed on a scroll.

"Congratulations, you've obtained Bloodthirsty Scroll."

Bloodthirsty Scroll: Activate to increase all attributes by 3 times, reduce damage taken by 15%, increase damage dealt by 25%, and +25 speed for 3 minutes. After use, enter a weakened state which reduces all attributes by 50% for 2 days.

FrozenCloud looked at the scrolls effects. It would be a good trump card to be used against an especially difficult boss, where this scroll would have a crucial effect. SpyingBlade also thought the same. This scroll would reduce the difficulty of boss fights. Although it had a 2 day weakening effect, it wasn't much if it allowed them to take down a worthy boss.

"Give it to Little Tian for safekeeping." SpyingBlade proposed. With Ye Cang's acknowledgement, Lin Le unhappily gave it to the proud Little Ye Tian.

"Ok, let's all rest. Log off, we'll gather in four hours." Ye Cang said. Everyone logged off to relax their tired minds

Seaside cabin.

Wu Na looked at the stares everyone was giving her that said 'hurry and cook, I'm hungry'. She wanted to tell them 'I'm not your housekeeper' but saw Little Tong and sighed.

After eating, Ye Cang watched Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le spar. He sat on the balcony, resting. He sensed a figure coming up beside him. "Anything you want to ask?"

"Why don't you pick one of those two?" Fang Ci leaned against the railing.

"They're too kindhearted, and I don't want to pick them. Lele has already lost his parents, and grew up in an orphanage, suffering mistreatment and bullying. Even now, he still wakes up looking for his mom and dad. Also, he has a fiance who loves him dearly. A'Xiong, I've made an oath. I can't let him die before me. As for you... you have the potential and comprehension. Also, you happen to need the strength to protect..." Ye Cang slowly said, while rocking his chair.

"Then you?" Fang Ci quietly asked.

"Me? I'm just a... guard." Ye Cang looked at the sea and muttered. "I've already talked about Cold Moon. It's still too early for you to fight, so I'll first tell you about Lin Hai's underground society. Besides the east, the north was where you lived, so you should know. Gamer is the boss of that area. He likes to play his games and has relations with some officials as well as many rich and famous people. However, I hope you won't bear too much of a grudge against him. Although he treats people cruelly and mercilessly, but he respects the 'rules'. That was the reason I didn't kill him when he tried to expand his 'game' to the east. To the south is the Cruel Woman, a very shrewd woman. Her courage, resourcefulness, temper, are all exceptional. However, her husband is a normal office worker and still doesn't know how terrifying an existence she is. Finally, in the west where Lin Hai's central administration resides, which is also the case for Lin Hai's underground society, is Explosion King. How should I explain it, he's someone with one foot in the grave. An old fellow with a terrible temper, but the people in his organization are very chivalrous and brave. They work for justice, repay both enmity and favors, work and think as one. Their successor isn't inherited, but based on ability, so even if Explosion King dies, there will be a second, and third..."

Fang Ci roughly knew the four districts bosses. He thought back to Ye Cang's words. *The Gamer was spared by you because he followed the 'rules'?* He looked at Ye Cang. *How strong are you?* He shook his head, choosing not to ask. He knew about the Explosion King, as he led Lin Hai's biggest gang. They dealt with various industries that fall in the 'grey' area. Of course, they had a front as Lin Hai's top company. The second best company belonging to the Song Family's first daughter. It was the successful career woman Song Xin's private company - Xin Le (Happy Heart). 

At that time, Ye Cang received a text. "They're having a meeting. You go in my place. As long as there's no missions, you don't have to tell me anything. So annoying."

Then Ye Cang added him as one of his '#7' affiliated subordinates, giving him the title of assistant. He gave him the address and stuff, then rocked in his chair, planning to nap.

Virtual world, 10 Commandements meeting. 

On the ring shaped terrace, in the originally empty '#7' section now stood a man, but everyone knew the one who came wasn't Silver Devil, but his representative.

"So strange, there is actually someone in the #7 position in a normal meeting..." The leader of section #3 laughed.

"I feel so moved..." #4 joked.

Fang Ci didn't know what he should say. Regarding this organization, he didn't even know what position Ye Cang held. He just said he was the boss of '#7', and now he would be his assistant. After thinking a bit, he decided to stay silent. It would be fine just to listen to the meeting. After a few meetings, he should be able to figure things out.

Cold Moon directly walked to the #7 spot and looked at the man whose avatar was wearing a Tshirt and jeans. She expressionlessly said, "You're the successor leader plans to cultivate right? Whatever the case, it doesn't matter if you disappoint me, but if you let leader down, you're dead..."

Fang Ci looked at the black and white haired young lady. She looked to be around his age, but he couldn't see anything from her expression. In fact, she had no expression, no emotion, no facial movement, like a corpse. Fang Ci felt his back sweating heavily because of those emotionless eyes staring at him. He gulped, "I'll try..."

Although Fang Ci had hesitated when he saw her, he recalled Ye Cang's words. 'If you're on her side or she on yours, don't doubt her, because she's someone who will never betray a comrade.' He didn't know whether to believe it. He felt like she would kill him at any time, and couldn't tell her intent at all. 

Cold Moon faintly nodded without a word.

"As expected of someone from there. The moment you see a newbie from there, you immediately go to look after him. Cold Moon, tell me, what's so good about that guy Silver Devil? How does he deserve you risking so much for him, breaking your arm, leg, and even almost losing your life." A woman's teasing voice came from the #2 position.

Cold Moon walked to the edge of the terrace, exposing her black and white long hair and emotionless face. "None of your damn business. Thousand Spirits, I don't care what you say about me, but if you say something bad about leader, let's just say you don't want to make me mad..."

"Enough!" Number 1's dignified voice made Fang Ci feel shaken. He looked towards the roman number 1. The 10 Commandments, 10 roman numerals, each representing one of the organizations leaders. This was what Fang Ci thought according to his observations.

"Thousand Spirits, report the new information." #1 said calmly.

Fang Ci listened to all sort of reports, each making waves in his heart. Salvation was researching new biological weapons, a joint effort with some organization called 10,000 Souls. However, there wasn't enough information. They had to continue investigating. Meanwhile, the thing they were doing with the Dragon Group was going well. For himself, he still needed time to digest all this information.

Cold Moon looked at Fang Ci and said coldly. "Tell leader, 'delete my picture'. See you next time."
