---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 320"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 320: Movie Club**

After the meeting, Fang Ci left the virtual world. He looked at Ye Cang, who was napping on a rocking chair. He had access to many of the files in the 10 Commandments, and his privileges were set rather high. Looking at the mission records of the man in front of him, it was enough to make him a legend among the 10 Commandments. In a short few years, he had done about a hundred years of work. He even completed 5 SSS level missions. These missions were top secret. Perhaps no one but Ye Cang and #1 would know what they were. Both Ye Cang and Cold Moon had a mission completion rate of 100%, and mostly accepted annihilation mission, but it was clear that Ye Cang hoped that he would be more of a policy maker, instead of a killer...

The relaxing sound of a guitar entered his ears as well as a slightly hoarse singing voice. Looking over, he saw Sister Lil'Dino and Sister Nana playing music. On the beach, Little Tong, Brother Le, and Little Tian were making a sandcastle... Wait! That sandcastle's shape is off! It's an XX! His innocent little sister had even made two ball shaped things beside it. He listened to the conversation going on below.

"I feel like there's something missing." Lin Le said seriously.

"I know! I remember whenever I see big brother's little XX, there is always a hole!" Little Tong stood up, and made a hole at the top of the pillar. Fang Ci was immediately petrified.

Lin Le and Little Ye Tian both looked up at Fang Ci with disdain. "Beast..."

"It's not what you're thinking!!" Fang Ci quickly explained with a red face.

Wu Na had just finished her song, and was feeling pretty comfortable. She got up to look outside, and saw a sand carving that looked suspiciously like a male reproductive organ. Her chest tightened, and quickly charged out to stop them. She pulled Little Ye Tian and Lin Le over and began to scold them. Stuff like "Lele, stop teaching weird things to people." and "Little Tian and Little Tong, girls shouldn't make these vulgar things." Then she looked at the sand sculpture that was really well made, but it was just missing one little thing. She turned the hole at the top into a slit. FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. *Are you sure you're not the one teaching them weird things? You've even started to make the Xskin.*

"Nana, you're so good..." Lin Le praised. Wu Na crossed her arms and was about to reply with an "Of course" but quickly realised what she had done. *F\*\*k! I've been with them too long, I was almost converted!* With a single fist, she smashed the XX shaped sand sculpture into pieces. Then in rage due to shame, she marched back into the cottage, and returned to playing guitar. Zhang ZhangXiong saw it and felt his crotch go cold.

FrozenCloud wiped her sweat. *So it turns out that by being with team leader and them too long, even a normal person like Nana can become abnormal.*

Everyone once again returned to the game.

Fang Ci saw the biochemical experiment again. Looking around, everyone looked like they had been constipated for 100 days. It seems like the price to pay to be a powerful player wasn't small. After refreshing their buffs, they once again started to head through the mountain range.

Ye Cang tidied up his precious ingredients. It comprised of the the recently obtained golden lucky slime's golden gel and eyeballs. Furthermore, the lucky slime's crystal could be ground into a seasoning! *A super, unrivaled, delicious, gorgeous, luxurious feast is about to be born! Is there anyone who can cook better than me!? Definitely not! What gluttonous king Dodola, although you're my predecessor in the art of cooking, however! I will definitely surpass you!*

They didn't know why, but watching Ye Cang standing at a cliffside, surveying the land with a determined and excited expression, they began to tremble.

After half a day of hard travelling, they killed many demon beasts on the way as well as some dangerous plants.

"Bro, let's stop here for the day. At 7, the Sisters cast is coming to Lin Hai. Let's call together the movie club at the east campus. We'll continue this later." Zhang ZhengXiong reminded.

"If you hadn't reminded me, I would have forgotten. Lele, prepare the banners and signing boards. Let's go." Ye Cang said. SpyingBlade quickly stopped him. FrozenCloud and Wu Na were both speechless. *What is the meaning of this!? You all have even more fans than they do!* 

Fang Ci also froze. They actually had an interest in celebrities!? Everyone watched as SpyingBlade stopped Ye Cang, curious how SpyingBlade would persuade them. But what they heard was, "Umm, remember to get an extra signature and hold a sign for me. It would be better if it was a bit more lewd, you can just sign SpyingBlade on it. When I have time, I'll come get it."

"No problem..." Ye Cang nodded.

Wu Na and FrozenCloud both facepalmed, and then signed off.

East district. Sister's cast event location. What confused Wu Na and FrozenCloud was the fact that there were so many fans and they were all so passionate. They originally thought it would be a cold and cheerless place, but it seems the cast was actually fairly popular. Ye Cang and them were standing at the front holding their signs and banners. A'Suo, A'Duo! Little Ye Tian was holding an A'Xiang billboard high in the air. Wait... Flasher Uncle!? He's here too!?

Everyone cheered as Flasher Uncle walked onto the stage. A'Suo, A'Duo, A'Xiang, A'Dao, and A'Jiao were feeling overwhelmed. This was a famous artist in Lin Hai. When they were studying in the capital, their teacher would talk about Lin Hai's famous artists, and he would always be included in the list. 

Flasher Uncle opened his coat! A'Suo, A'Duo, and A'Jiao all screamed. "Eeeek! Elephant! So scary!" 

Flasher Uncle sighed, "Your acting is a bit exaggerated. You need more experience, but for newcomers, you're pretty good."

"Thank you senior for your guidance." The three women and two men all bowed, very seriously expressing their gratitude.

"Alright, you three sign this for me. Sisters was a really good show." Flasher Uncle pointed to the three women. They all humbly signed their pet names on his elephant, and in passing, put their hands together in prayer to the east district's famous divine object.
 
Looking like a superstar, Flasher Uncle pulled his coat closed, pushed down his hat, and smiled as he turned and faded into the tide of people. The five actors and actresses were left behind with respectful expression on their faces..

FrozenCloud was stunned. Although what Flasher Uncle did was vulgar, no one hated him. In fact, they treated him as a good luck charm.

The second to walk up to the stage was actually the handsome Panty Uncle. As he walked up, all the women screamed. He was dressed in casual yet proper attire. The three girls blushed, while A'Xiang and A'Dao felt overshadowed... 

Panty Uncle uncle's appearance received no less cheering than Flasher Uncle. Among women, Panty Uncle had a huge advantage. He gracefully walked up to them, and smiled. "Who would have thought the one with the best taste is you, A'Jiao..."

As he spoke, he took out a beautiful and sexy pair of panties and passed them over. "Forget about the men, sign for me please."

The three women snapped out of their love-struck daze, and quickly signed the panties. They watched as Panty Uncle casually left, with enamoured smiles on their faces. Their bodies trembled as their legs grew weak.

"Good luck, I'm really looking forwards to the next one..." Panty Uncle's cultured and refined voice, which seemed to contain a magical charm, gradually faded into the distance.

FrozenCloud found that she was also staring with a silly expression. Panty Uncle was really too handsome.

Wu Na looked at FrozenCloud's appearance. "So? I told you he was handsome..."

FrozenCloud had no words, and could only nod. Zhang ZhengXiong also nodded. "Did you notice? He and I actually look quite alike..."

"Get lost!" The two women spouted unhappily. Even Little Ye Tian and Little Tong looked at him with disdain.

"It's our turn..." Ye Cang smiled. Little Ye Tian nodded, and pulled a stumbling drama student who was the actress's classmate behind her, planning to use her as an excuse to chat with the cast.

"It's T-105! They're actually also Sisters fans!"

"The crusade's T-105!!"

"White haired asura's indifference is really not ordinary. That open flowery shirt, swim trunks, and flip-flops looks so stylish! "

Wu Na broke out in cold sweat. Even that damn Ye Cang had fans smitten with him. She began to bite her nails, feeling the pressure.

A'Suo and the others looked at the 5 people coming towards them. One of them was even a friend from the capital. *Isn't that BingYun? Not bad, she got into team T-105. I didn't expect her to be so scheming, using this chance to become famous? Right now, T-105's popularity is high after winning the war, defeating both the student council and  administrative center. Even one of the branch presidents over in the capital had been dealt with by them. Our popularity is far under them. They are comparable to Flasher Uncle and Panty Uncle!*

FrozenCloud was coming up against her will, and was trying to hide her face. By now, they had already arrived. She looked at them, "Long time no see..."

"Humph, you come to Lin Hai and don't tell us sister? You're too much." A'Duo smiled.

"Exactly. BingYun, do you see us as outsiders?" A'Suo's slender hands covered her mouth and she said in a lovable voice.

FrozenCloud could sense their hostility. When she understood why, she couldn't help smiling. *Those scheming sl\*ts.* She made an apologetic smile, "My bad, I'll definitely tell you two next time, sister A'Suo, sister A'Duo."

Little Tian looked at A'Xiang, who had been smiling the whole time, and ran over. "Sign this!"

A'Xiang was moved. Finally, someone had asked for his signature, and it was even T-105's advisor. He signed his full name on the signing board for her - Xun Xiang. "Thank you for your support..."

Little Ye Tian happily backed up. Zhang ZhengXiong received A'Suo's signature. Ye Cang got A'Duo's signature, and helped SpyingBlade get A'Jiao's signature on one of her sexy photos. Lin Le got signatures from all three of the girls, and had them write 'Wish for Lele's studies to improve, and that he stays healthy'. A'Suo, A'Duo, and A'Jiao wiped their cold sweat. Was this really a university student?

Although they called it a movie club, it was just Flasher Uncle, Panty Uncle, as well as the members of T-105. After they left, the event became desolate. The cast director smiled bitterly. Who would have thought that the first people up would be such famous figures. He turned and saw the five actors happily looking at the evaluation on their undergarments. He felt a bit jealous as he saw his own C. *Hah, it's better than nothing...*

"Today, Sister's signing event was well received in the east district. Flasher Uncle, Panty Uncle, as well as team T-105 went on stage one after the other to ask for signatures, creating a huge uproar..."

"Today, appearing on stage at the Sisters fan event, is T-105's White Haired Asura, wearing his flowery shirt, swim trunks, and flip-flops received favorable reviews. Next on 《Lin Hai's Most Fashionable》, we'll explain to you the mismatched fashion choices of team T-105..."
