---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 324"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Tony Giang"
---

### Chapter 324: Contribution Points

"Show everyone the falcon's stats..." FrozenCloud urged.

Ye Cang looked at Little Blue Feather's Attributes. Grade A+. Specialty was Child of the Wind (extremely gifted with wind type abilities) and cyan falcon eye (has a chance to directly see through illusions, extremely long range site). As it was a newborn, it could temporarily not do anything.

Everyone continued advancing. They went down the mountain and arrived at the flat forest area. Ye Cang stopped by a clear stream, collected some water, and put it in the cart. The water here had a calming effect, and was slightly sweet. They watched Ye Cang store some of the water. *Hah, a pity it will be thoroughly wasted by this guy.*

Ye Cang watched the beautiful scene of leaves floating along the flowing streamlet. Lin Hai didn't have many mountains, so this sort of Mountain Forest was rarely seen. He felt like stopping here, finding a big rock, and just staring off into space. They had been rushing these days, and Lele could take the time to fish. "Let's rest here a while. Lele, you go fish. Everyone has freetime..."

Lin Le took out his fishing pole and found a spot he could lean on. He adjusted his posture, and began to enter dream-fishing mode.

"I'm going to go look around..." SpyingBlade said, walking downstream. Zhang ZhengXiong went to look for ores he could dig. Everyone went off to do their own thing. Ye Cang jumped onto a big rock. He squatted down on it, yawned, and began to empty his mind.

Wu Na was beside Lin Le and watched as he snored while fishing. The efficiency was very high. The moment the line tightened, a big fish would be thrown into the handcart, a new bait set, then dream-fishing would continue. She broke out in cold sweat. *How is this possible...*

The little falcon squeezed into Ye Cang's wolf head hood, that he had removed. It sat there very comfortably and dozed off.

The scene changed to ThornyRose's side.

"Rose, this instance's undead are too troublesome. We can only cultivate our holy classes a bit more and try again. Otherwise, sitting around here is bad for the overall situation. Unless you want to call your fiance and Really New Village's three brothers to come help." ElegantFragrance recalled their recent wipe. The skeleton swordsman boss was too strong. It was even a double boss. With it was a Vengeful Spirit. They didn't deal enough damage, and her elite holy classes hadn't yet developed enough to be useable. The only one strong enough was taking independent action with some other party.

"We can only do that." ThornyRose sighed. She called Ye Cang.

Ye Cang, who was in the middle of staring blankly into space, answered the call with a yawn. "What?"

ThornyRose explained the situation to him and asked, "When can you come back?"

"Don't know..." Ye Cang also wasn't sure how long it would take them to explore Ghost Peak.

"Well, when you return to Bal Village, call me. The place you mentioned, the chief has sent people over." ThornyRose replied.

"I know..." Ye Cang hung up, then ruffled his hair. He continued to yawn and empty his mind.

Everyone returned from their exploring. Ye Cang stretched, and jumped down the rock. They prepared to continue their journey, and woke up the dream-fishing Lin Le. FrozenCloud looked through the handcart. *Isn't Lele's fishing skill too OP. There's another treasure chest!*

"I slept well. Eh, the fishing skill leveled up. When did that happen?" Lin Le ignorantly rubbed his head, puzzled. SpyingBlade's heart tightened. *He actually doesn't even know what happened.* Reaching out a hand, he intercepted the chest plundering Ye Cang. FrozenCloud quickly gave it to Lin Le, having him open it.

However, there wasn't any equipment. Most of it was valuables. SpyingBlade couldn't help thinking that these ornaments were very well made. Even just the gems on them would sell for a sizable amount. Ye Cang gave everything over to the treasurer, Little Ye Tian. After looking through the new fish, Ye Cang began to conceive new recipes.

"Father, I have a proposal." Little Ye Tian's words made everyone look over. Ye Cang shrugged, "You can decide, I don't really understand anyways."

"Alright, it's like this. In order to encourage everyone, let's implement a contribution point system. The way to gain contribution points will be according to your activity. Every time we get something from a boss, you can use your contribution points to exchange for things. The one who offers more gets it. People who offer the same amount of contribution points can talk it out. This way, we can avert many unnecessary situations. What does everyone think?" Everyone nodded in approval at Little Ye Tian's words. This was certainly a good idea. Many guilds adopted this sort of contribution points system. Of course, the contribution points in many guilds could be bought with money. This way, they can ensure that the guild leader can obtain the biggest benefits and the guild has the final say. SpyingBlade frowned, "Can the contribution points be bought with money? In other words, sponsoring..."

"No, it must be a contribution for the team." Little Ye Tian knew what SpyingBlade was getting at. Their team party was a fixed group. "Actually, distribution will mostly remain unchanged. Only when there is competition for an item or skill will contribution points come into play. That way, it will remain as fair as possible. Of course, this not only applies to our team. It also allows any new members of our Happy Firmaments to have competitive rights while not allowing them to take advantage of us. Many teams fall apart due to problems with distribution. If you agree, then let's use the contribution point system that I designed." 

"No objections..." SpyingBlade agreed, and accepted the program. He looked, and saw that he only had 150 contribution points. He looked at Ye Cang and inquired, "How many points?"

"190." Ye Cang said, not knowing if it was considered a lot. SpyingBlade didn't say anything about it either. As the leader and founder of the team, having an extra 40 points wasn't unreasonable. Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong had 180. FrozenCloud 150. Fang Ci 30. OldWangFromNextDoor 50. Little Ye Tian herself had 100. Wu Na 60.

"From now on, whenever everyone completes a quest together or kills a boss, you will receive the corresponding amount of contribution points. As for other methods to gain contribution, I will continue to perfect them." Little Ye Tian said calmly.

"Little Tian, your program has a bug. My contribution points is missing a 0." Lin Le raised his hand and expressed his discontentment.

FrozenCloud looked at Lin Le's points. *180, missing a 0, 1800!? You think that's possible!?*

"Mine too..." Ye Cang calmly raised his hand, indicating that he was also a victim of the bug.

"Ah... Me too." SpyingBlade tapped his head and calmly said with his hand raised.

"Stop messing around, really..." Wu Na angrily forced their hands down, then smiled at Little Ye Tian, "I only have 60 points. How about giving me a bit more? One or two thousand is fine... 80,000 or 100,000 wouldn't be too much either."

OldWangFromNextDoor broke out in cold sweat. She was even more shady.

The 30 point Fang Ci appeared calm. He looked at the things in the cart. Distinguished equipment or weapon required 10 points. Defensive equipment required 7. As for materials, they were all different. Like the falcon boss's feathers from earlier were worth 20 contribution points,

They continued exploring. They even experienced an attack by a large pack of wolves. Their tacit understanding developed through confronting dangerous situations allowed them to skillfully deal with the wolfpack, let alone the fact that they had Ye Cang and Lin Le, with their outstanding aoe damage. Ye Cang's Light Strike Array dealt large damage and stunned a large area. His volley of arrows could then finish off half of them. Lin Le, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Little Ren would charge into the wolfpack. The ones who circled around were firmly held back by FrozenCloud and the water elemental, allowing Wu Na and Fang Ci to cast without worry. With a wave of Ye Cang's hand, the tactical skill Rapid Pursuit would turn the fight into a one-sided slaughter.

Ye Cang once again cleared up the battlefield while muttering, "We already have a mountain of wolf meat and whatnot. How will we eat it all..."

The party quickly arrived at the start of Ghost Peak. Ye Cang excitedly reminded, "It's time to refresh our food buffs. Earlier we got a lot of fresh fish..."

Every time it came time to refresh the food buff, everyone would band together and begin discussing if they should leave the team or quit the game or just to reflect upon life. SpyingBlade thought of the people who had trouble differentiating between the virtual world and reality. If they were to eat his food every day, they would definitely be cured. He could make a living curing net addiction and anorexia. FrozenCloud sighed and thought that ever since she started eating team leader's food, she could even be moved to tears by cheap 50 federal dollar cafeteria food. 

Ye Cang made a new set meal, using up some of the mountain of wolf meat. The meal was fresh fish and wolf meat, sliced into thin pieces, with some wild vegetables, becoming a sashimi. It did not only contain the fresh mountain fish, but also had Really New Village's piranhas, hogfish, wolf meat, werewolf meat, and fishmen meat, which looked very luxurious. In the end, it actually received a high evaluation by the system. What surprised everyone was that it didn't look disgusting. They decisively chose to eat this set instead of the demon ramen set, the stats were higher anyways.

Wu Na looked at the various effects, and chose the dishes that fit her. She grabbed 6 different types of meat into her bowl, and stuffed it in her mouth. SpyingBlade was about to remind her, "Before eating, you should use his special cooking wine, otherwise..."

Before he could finish speaking, he saw Wu Na's two eyes turn white and fell to the ground. "Damn... you. Should have... said..." Her neck bent and her consciousness left her, leaving her twitching. 

SpyingBlade wiped his sweat, and finished his words, "...otherwise you'll die a miserable death..."

Then, SpyingBlade went to Ye Cang and and asked for some wine. Wang and Fang Ci imitated him. Looking at the food in front of them, they gulped. Even SpyingBlade didn't dare eat first. Since there had been many new things added in, god knows whether it would still be effective.

Ye Cang saw that no one was planning to eat first. He used his so called special wine and poured himself some, then added some poisonous herbs and ate it together. The flavor was very tasty. Seeing that Ye Cang had eating, everyone was about to join in, but suddenly recalled his and NalanPureSoul's act. They couldn't be careless. After waiting a few more seconds, Ye Cang was still eating with gusto. There didn't seem to be anything wrong. Everyone sighed in relief, and began to eat. After a bite, tears formed in FrozenCloud's eyes. It was too moving. The flavor was actually normal. If she was to score it out of 100, it would be a 70. She simply couldn't believe that it was team leader's cooking. It seems that for the immediate future, they wouldn't have to collapse to the ground spasming anymore.

"Bro, let's eat this from now one." Zhang ZhengXiong was also moved.

"How is that ok? The path of cooking! It's about blazing new trails and breaking new grounds. Eating it occasionally is alright, but my goal is to make a dish that will even topple the gods! To reach the peak of cooking!" Ye Cang shouted.

Everyone sighed. *On your way to the peak, how many times will we have to be poisoned to death... besides, the path you're walking is clearly that of biochemical weaponry...*
