---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 325"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 325: Ghost Peak**

Wu Na woke up, grabbed Ye Cang by the neck and shook him, "Why didn't you tell me! Why!!"

"Umm, to test the flavor without wine. And it would make everyone more appreciative..." Ye Cang said. Everyone felt like Wu Na was going to strangle him to death.

As everyone stepped foot on Ghost Peak, they felt a chill which became increasingly strong. Although part of it was due to their altitude, mostly it was due to a strange chill in the air. In the fog, a familiar creaking and groaning could be heard. SpyingBlade pulled out his longsword. "Skeletons..."

Everyone prepared for battle. They watched as the figures in the fog came closer and closer. They also became clearer. With unsteady steps, rattling bones and armors, one skeleton after the other charged at the group with weapons in hand. Little Ye Tian directly cast a Chain Heal, shooting at three of them. They burned into green smoke which mixed with the fog. Ye Cang was even more direct. A Light Strike Array was already prepared. A large scale flaming light erupted from the ground, momentarily dispersing the fog. Tens of skeletons struggled in the flames. Everyone cleaned up the stragglers. Little Ye Tian looked at a nearby broken stone. Wiping it clean, she saw that there were words written on it. "This should be part of the ruins we're looking for. Shrine to the hunter goddess..."

"The crazy woman has probably run into some trouble, otherwise she wouldn't have asked me to go back. Let's finish this quickly..." Ye Cang said indifferently. To him, ThornyRose was different from Wu Na. With Nana, he had a sort of indescribably friendship, which he treasured. Towards ThornyRose who dared to love and hate, and was a bit like a wild boar, he felt somewhat envious. Although it was different from friendship, he still knew to treasure the feelings between people. At least, he couldn't completely become a machine.

"Crazy woman?" Wu Na didn't really understand. FrozenCloud was surprised, "You don't know that he's talking about guild leader ThornyRose?

"Guild leader ThornyRose from my Thorns and Roses?" Wu Na asked doubtfully.

"Mm. At Really New Village, Team Leader and Sister Rose teamed up to do instances. Team Leader is even Rose's fiance..." FrozenCloud gossiped.

"Fiancee!!" Wu Na's voice raised by 200 hertz.

"I'm just helping her out. It's sort of like in Sisters with the fake boyfriend..." Ye Cang said indifferently.

"Episode 36!" Little Ye Tian and Lin Le interrupted.

"Such an important matter, and you actually didn't tell me!!" Wu Na raved.

"It's not something important. I'm just helping her out. However, aunt and uncle Qin are good people. Lele and A'Xiong are both learning martial arts there." Ye Cang said, his expression still unperturbed.

"Mm, big sister is really good to me. She gave me 5% of the company share." Little Ye Tian thrust the figurative dagger further in her heart.

"Grandpa Qin even brought me to eat his childhood ice cream. It's the old fashioned handmade type. It's so good..." Lin Le said with a smiling expression.

Wu Na heart felt unwell. They were already treating him as son-in-law, how was she supposed to compete? An involuntary tear began to form in her eyes. 

Ye Cang faintly smiled. He reached out, and pat her head. "There's really nothing between me and her. Of course, I don't know about the future, but at least not now..." He added in his heart, "Nana, I know you like me, but Nana, I... am not good enough for you. Emotionally, regarding the emotions between man and woman, I know how it should be, but after QinXue died, all I can feel are joy, friendship, and despair."

"Really... Bah, it's none of my business, damn Ye Cang..." Wu Na sighed in relief. At least she had a chance! *It won't be so easy for you to get that stinking guy, I've already been with him for two years.*

Wu Na was very afraid of losing Ye Cang. Although she wouldn't admit it, Ye Cang was her moral support and reason to live. When she was alone, that white silhouette had reached out to her. It was the same when she was on the verge of death. They had been together for two years. He had encouraged her to start her band, he had even saved her when she was kidnapped. Even though Ye Cang had been covered in blood and looked malevolent, but that concerned smile and those word 'It's ok now, Nana' made Wu Na unable to leave him. Even if, in the end, the one he loved wasn't her, she wanted to always be by his side, loving him, because Wu Na knew, that underneath his indifferent, he was someone who could spot her in a crowd, pat her head, and take her away. He wouldn't abandon her no matter what. He was her safe harbor.

FrozenBlood knew that Wu Na definitely liked Team Leader. She could help but think about who Team Leader would pick between Nana and Sister Rose? If possible, FrozenCloud didn't want to see the kind-hearted Nana be broken-hearted, of course it's the same for Sister Rose. She knew Sister Rose also like Team Leader, despite her not expressing it, and not admitting it, always using some excuse to avoid it, but any of the sisters could tell that she was different from in the past.

SpyingBlade smiled sadly. He looked meaningfully at Ye Cang. Although he had long since sensed it, but now he was clear. As expected of scum, he was actually two-timing. His expression became one of despise. OldWangFromNextDoor stroked his chin. "So it turns out that Boss and Miss Rose were really together. He's even with sister Nana. God! When will this sort of thing happen to me!!" 

Ye Cang couldn't help breaking out in cold sweat as he looked at Wang. Wu Na didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She smacked Wang on the back of the head, "You're just destined to be alone with your left and right hand as your girlfriends."

Ye Cang watched as everyone gradually continued forwards. Zhang ZhengXiong stopped, and watched everyone with him. "Bro, you really won't consider Nana and Rose? No matter which one, I'll support you. You've already done enough. I..."

"I have my reasons. A'Xiong, don't worry about me. Also, if you can bring a girl back, I'll be satisfied. Actually, Lil'Dino is not bad, although there's the risk of your children looking like Piccolo." Ye Cang faintly smiled.

"About that... the risk is too great. Bro, I won't bug you then." Zhang ZhengXiong wiped his sweat. He remembered the picture of FrozenCloud before her operation. If words had to be used to describe it, then it would be accurate to say that she was comparable to Ye Cang's biochemical experiments. 

Zhang ZhengXiong caught up. Ye Cang watched everyone, a mysterious smile formed on his face as he pet Little Blue Feather's long crest. "Little Blue, what do you think I should do?"

"Bad people! Bad people!" Little Blue Feather's words made Ye Cang laugh.

As they travelled through Ghost Peak, they rarely met any wild demon beasts. There were only the occasional undead creatures. Now, they had already reached the summit. There were walls covered in emerald-green vines. On the other side were wandering ghosts and skeletons. They wantonly disposed of the enemies, and searched the nearby buildings, but didn't find anything besides some ancient records. Recovering their mana, they entered the palace. The pitch black interior was suddenly lit up by countless pairs of glowing blue eyes. Ye Cang checked with his night vision, and discovered that the inside was covered in skeletons with bows. They drew their shabby bows, whose strings had long since snapped but was replaced by a light blue light. The arrows were also spirit arrows. Over a hundred spirit arrows aimed at the doorway.

"Dodge! They're all skeleton archers!" Ye Cang roared. Everyone backed up, out of the door, and stuck to the wall. Fang Ci was a step behind the others. He saw an arrow land by his heel, soon followed by a rain of arrows shooting out the door. His back was immediately covered in cold sweat. If he was a step slower, he would have been shot full of holes. After the volley of arrows, Ye Cang chanted a spell and had Zhang ZhengXiong shield him. 

Zhang ZhengXiong jumped out and defended Ye Cang while he casted Light Strike Array. He took a few arrows which were ready sooner than the rest, but he could still deal with it.

"Move!" Ye Cang roared. Zhang ZhengXiong moved to the side. A fiery light burst out of the palace floor, then everyone charged in. Ye Cang took this opportunity to draw his bow and return fire with his own little volley, which pierced through these skeleton archers. Hs saw, in the distance, one that was different than the others. It had easily dodged his rain of arrows. It drew its own bow. The moment it fired, he felt something at the tip of his nose, and quickly shadow stepped to Zhang ZhengXiong's back. He was astonished. Such a fast arrow! "Careful! There's an archer boss! Its shots are so fast it's practically undodgeable!"

He just finished speaking when Fang Ci's head was pierced straight through. Of course, he died instantly. This was even with Zhang ZhengXiong's auras. SpyingBlade quickly dodged behind a pillar. Everyone moved to use the scattered pillars as cover.

SpyingBlade also noticed the speed of that arrow. There was practically no time to dodge. That scum was lucky he had an instant movement skill, otherwise, he would be dead too.

FrozenCloud prepared her claws, not daring to show her face. With the boss's speed and accuracy, her head would blow up the moment she left cover. Moreover, god knows what other skills it possessed. 

Ye Cang had identified the skeleton archer boss earlier.

Phantom Shooter Skeleton - Renoir (Boss - Nightmare - Undead - Divine Archer): Was the shooting drill master of Anya's Palace. A member of the Phantom Shooters Association. This sort of skeleton doesn't have much value as food.

"I have its identification data. It seems he's this place's shooting drill master, and a member of the phantom shooters association." Ye Cang said softly.

Little Ye Tian replied from the pillar beside his. "The phantom shooters association and the bullseye club are the continents two most renowned ranged class organizations. The phantom shooters association is more mysterious. It's members are mostly elven archers who live out in the forest. The bullseye club is more extensive with numerous members."

"Let's first think about how to kill him." SpyingBlade reminded.
