---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 328"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks: "Umair Ahmed, Hazery"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 328: Ji Xiao

A system reminder about the holiday appeared. *Is this summer vacation? So long? It’s almost 40 days of vacation. What is the meaning of this?*

“The league is starting. It’s like this every year. Another reason is to prevent people from becoming to engross in the game, but the most important reason is because the league is starting. B, A, and S rank leagues qualifiers, as well as the amateurs league are all happening during this time. That said, you should pay more attention to this sort of common sense.” SpyingBlade saw Ye Cang’s confused expression and sighed.

“Oh then. Everyone, let’s meet again after summer vacation.” Ye Cang nodded, not caring.

“Boss, are you participating in the league?” Wang quickly inquired.

“Yup, we’re with that umm… Thorns and Roses club’s athletes.” Ye Cang nodded. Wu Na froze. *It can’t be. These guys are Thorns and Roses’s main members?*

“When the time comes, I’ll definitely come cheer for you. Boss, remember to use a bit of your authority to let me into the Thorns and Roses’s member area...” Wang said seriously.

FrozenCloud and Wu Na were both struck dumb. *You just want to go and be surrounded by beauties.*

SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, and Little Ye Tian. How was their performance in the club? He was very curious. He had yet to respond to ThornyRose’s invitation, but it should be interesting with these guys there.

Ye Cang gave permission to Wang, and while he was at it, also gave it to Fang Ci. “Remember to cheer passionately...”

“Don’t worry boss! I’m a professional...” Wang said with a stern expression.

“......” FrozenCloud covered her forehead. He really gave it out.

Seaside Cottage.

Ye Cang and the others had prepared their clothes. They were all wearing neat but comfortable dress pants, on the top was a vest, inside it was a white dress shirt rolled up to their elbows. Like that, they left for the capital. FrozenCloud originally wanted to wear a dress, but Ye Cang and Lin Le said it wouldn’t fit their image, so she was forced to wear the same thing as everyone else. Wu Na waved farewell to them. “Don’t forget my concert in three days!”

“I know...” Ye Cang and the others gradually disappeared into the distance.

Wu Na sighed and faintly smiled. If he as was happy, she wouldn’t impose. As long as she could be by his side, that would be fine. *I’m already satisfied.*

Capital, Qin Family.

Ye Cang and the others were already familiar with this place. When the guards saw that is was them, they would be greeted enthusiastically. ThornyRose looked at them from a balcony. They were all dressed fairly formally. Lele, wearing western clothes, looked young and inexperienced. Shaking Bear looked like a hired thug. As for FrozenCloud, she had a special charm. And then that guy, nothing could take attention away from that white hair.

The group entered the banquet hall and took off their jackets. Mrs Qin hugged Little Ye Tian as if greeting her daughter. Mr Qin pulled the three guys over and introduced them to his old friends. Mr Su looked at his daughter behind Ye Cang. *As long as she is happy, but what’s with her outfit? Although it looks good, those are men’s clothes. Could it be she is like BingXue and has special interests? Hah, the elder sister is a lesbian, and the younger sister is a crossdresser?* He sighed heavily.

Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong began to eat.

“Son-in-law, that crusade you launched was no small event...” Mr Qin smiled.

“I was only upholding justice...” Ye Cang said indifferently. Mr Qin couldn’t help chuckling. He knew how two-faced this youngster was.

“Where’s old Lord Qin?” Ye Cang inquired.

“The old fellows are at another place having a meeting...” Mr Qin said, finishing off his wine. “You know Ren Long right?”

“Baldie?” Ye Cang asked.

“......” Mr Qin hesitated, but the description was accurate. “Right, the baldie.”

“Mm, I’m an honorary member of that group.” Ye Cang didn’t avoid the topic.

Mr Qin nodded, and didn’t ask any further. The two of them drank together and chatted happily. Especially when Mr Qin began telling ThornyRose’s childhood stories. Ye Cang couldn’t help looking at her with a smile, making her look back confused.

The party ended.

Mr Qin began to give directions to his two disciples, clearing up any of their confusion. Little Ye Tian was with Mrs Qin in the study, talking about trade secrets. As for ThornyRose, she came to Ye Cang who was watching TV. “The preliminaries are soon. The schedule is already decided. Later, come to the club.”

Ye Cang nodded without taking his eyes off the drama.

“Let’s chat.” ThornyRose felt like she should communicate with him more.

“No...” Ye Cang replied stubbornly replied, still not taking his eyes off the TV. “You’re boring...”

*F\*ck! I’m boring!?* Her chest tightened. *This lady wants to chat with you, and you actually say I’m boring!? You, someone who’s watching this 3 star drama, is calling someone boring!?* She forced herself to calm down. “Did you get anything from exploring the ruins?”

“Guess...” Ye Cang shrugged.

“You definitely got equipment and skills. Do you know what you’re doing next?” ThornyRose continued asking.

“Not telling...” Ye Cang shook his head while still watching TV.

ThornyRose clenched her fist and gnash her teeth. She wanted to tear at his face. *Rose, you have to endure it. The league is approaching, even SpyingBlade has expressed his interest in signing a temporary contract.* She used a skill - Act Like a Spoiled Child, “Tell meeee~”

“Madam, don’t be like this. You’re not young anymore.” Ye Cang sighed.

ThornyRose froze. Her face turned green and she immediately pounced over. Ye Cang dodged, and left the room with quick steps while saying, “I’m going for a stroll, see you later~”

“Ah! Bastard!” ThornyRose watched as Ye Cang disappeared like a wisp of smoke, leaving her feeling hysteric. FrozenCloud passed by and saw ThornyRose raging. “Sister Rose, did Team Leader do something again?”

“Don’t mention him around me!” ThornyRose stomped back to her room.

“......” FrozenCloud felt somewhat speechless. *Just what kind of grudge did you two have in your past life.*

Ye Cang called a cab and went to one of vermillion bird district’s night markets, intending to eat some snacks. 9 o’clock was the night market’s most lively hour. Ye Cang looked at the busy vendor stands, picked one of the more popular ones, and bought a clam chowder and spicy lamb tripe. Just as he sat down, he saw an acquaintance. It was the sunglasses guy that they had taught a lesson to last time on the train. There was a woman with him. Although she wore a big hat and sunglasses, it was still possible to tell that she was an absolute beauty. 

“When I played in the capital as a child, I tried the clam chowder here. Since then, everytime I come, I’ll have one bowl. It’s more delicious every time. The boss’s skills are the real deal.” The sunglasses man said.

The woman smiled silently. Ye Cang thought for a bit and decided to go say hello. MistyVeil looked at the approaching white haired man. *I feel like I’ve seen him before. Oh, I remember. It is Qin Zhen’s fiancee. What is he coming over for? He shouldn’t know me.*

Ye Cang reached out a hand and pressed down on the sunglasses man’s shoulder. “Yo, long time no see...”

The sunglasses man found that calm voice familiar. He turned and saw Ye Cang’s indifferent smile, then immediately, his scalp tingled and he recalled the time on the train.

...

“Lele, how do you think we should deal with this guy that made us lose...”

“Let’s take strip his clothes! Then write a confession in marker...”

“Not bad, good plan! A’Xiong, grab him...”

“Hey, wait! I’m not scared of you!”

“No! Beast!”

...

“Ji Xiao, you know him?” MistyVeil asked doubtfully.

The sunglasses man, called Ji Xiao, quickly shook his head. Ye Cang’s indifferent smile became a good-willed smile. “I feel a bit sad, you actually don’t think of me as a friend...”

Ji Xiao didn’t know why, but seeing that good-willed smile made his back shiver. He said, with a forced smile, “The friend I met on the way to the capital...”

“......” MistyVeil recalled that day. *It must be that ‘friend’. This guy’s not bad, he even dares to touch a child of one of the great families. In China, the Ji family wouldn’t lose out to the Li family. The Ji family’s history goes back the furthest, making them the most ancient family. This white haired guy, I learned from chatting with Uncle Qin that he is an external member of the Dragon Group stationed at Lin Hai. Wait… white hair. ThornyRose’s club managed to get Really New Village Three Brothers, and even bled her wallet to get them S rank characters. It’s already no secret. Then this Ye Cang must be Really New Village’s Brother Hero.* “Why not sit with us...”

“Alright. I happen to be pretty bored. It’s always good to meet a friend.” Ye Cang said, patting Ji Xiao’s shoulder, then sat down.

*Who the heck is your friend! We’re enemies!* He cautiously looked around. *It seems the big and small one aren’t around, then let’s see how you act arrogant this time!* He was about to about to erupt, but saw the good-willed expression Ye Cang was making. He recalled how the big guy had called him bro, very respectfully too. That meant this guy was probably also very strong. He was immediately covered in cold sweat as he gave a hollow laugh. “Haha, haha.”

“You should be the leader of Really New Village’s Three Brothers, Brother Hero right…?” MistyVeil started the conversation.

“Oh~? You know me? Then you are?” Ye Cang looked doubtfully. Then he immediately asked, “A fan!?”

“MistyVeil...” MistyVeil couldn’t help lightly laughing.

Ye Cang froze, then pointed to MistyVeil with his mouth gaping open. MistyVeil saw Ye Cang’s reaction and smiled, it was as expected.

In the next second, Ye Cang stopped pointing and stroked his chin. He appeared to be in deep thought, which made MistyVeil somewhat confused. Another second passed, and she thought she heard Ye Cang mutter, “Damn, I feel like I’ve heard that name somewhere, but I can’t seem to remember. Since I’m not infected with Lele’s amnesia, it must be because her name is too hard to remember. Whatever...” Then he looked to MistyVeil and courteously said, “Hello...”

“…”
