---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 329"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed, Hazery"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 329: Qing Yun’s Helplessness**

Ji Xiao broke out in cold sweat. *Seriously!? Faker! Keep pretending! No one in the virtual world doesn’t know the name MistyVeil. But no wonder I found them familiar. They’re Really New Village’s Three Brothers. In the fight against the werewolves, I was in their team, but we didn’t really talk much.* He suddenly thought of that pot, and covered his mouth. *Not good! I’m going to puke!*

“Brother Hero, I didn’t think you would be such a joker...” MistyVeil’s impression of him fell. *He says he doesn’t know me? This sort of method is too far-fetched*, she criticized in her mind.

“I’m not kidding. I have an impression, but I don’t really remember. Whatever, it doesn’t matter.” Ye Cang said seriously, then waved her off.

MistyVeil chuckled, but didn’t speak.

The food Ye Cang had ordered arrived. The two of them watched as he calmly ate, calmly drank, then continued to order many more dishes and a cheap brand of beer. Finally, MistyVeil began to seriously size him up. His eyebrows and eyelashes were all white. His eyes were pink. He showed signs of once having albinism.

After eating his fill, Ye Cang patted Ji Xiao’s shoulder and nodded, “Thanks for the treat...”

The two of them watched Ye Cang leave, and they broke out in cold sweat. *You actually just came over for free food...*

“Really an interesting guy...” MistyVeil smiled.

“Interesting!?” Ji Xiao wiped his forehead.

“He’s definitely not simple. I can see it from his eyes. That ordinariness instead seems frightening. I can’t see through him...” MistyVeil narrowed her eyes.

“Helloo, cousin, you’re thinking too much. He’s just a nasty person...” Ji Xiao rolled his eyes.

In the crowd, Ye Cang looked at the back of an office worker, and his eyes suddenly became frosty. Zhao XinRu happened to also be in the night market. She saw Ye Cang’s signature white hair. *Isn’t that the Lin Hai guy!? What’s he doing? Let’s follow and see.*

She quietly followed Ye Cang into a building

Ye Cang stretched his neck. He had noticed someone was following him, but he faintly smiled, and chose not to care. He would first deal with these people from Salvation. He walked up some stairs, and arrived on the fourth floor of a building. He estimated that there were around 10 people. There were some humans among them. From their breathing, he could tell they were from 10,000 Souls. *Oh, there is even an acquaintance. That young girl from the Dragon Group? What was she called… Qing Yun?*

“Who is it!?” A wolf-headed man with two ghostly glowing eyes shouted in a low voice. However, before he could even finish speaking, Ye Cang’s hand had already pierced his heart. Pulling it out, he then easily smashed the wolfhead, completely destroying it. Against a hand thrusting towards him, he chopped with his palm, cutting it off. Suddenly, his silhouette became hazy. Qing Yun watched as all the surrounding 10,000 Souls and Salvation members were turned into a rain of blood and flesh. Severed limbs, chunks of meat, as well as organs plastered the floor and walls. Compared to those scary looking monster-like people, this honorary member was even more terrifying. She didn’t even dare to move after seeing the chill in his eyes. Zhao XinRu arrived on the fourth floor, and felt some sort of liquid spray onto her face and body. What she saw was a group of people being dismembered. An intestine belonging to god knows who, fell on her shoulder. It was even still warm. Her legs became weak, and she covered her mouth as she saw this scene from hell.

Qing Yun had infiltrated 10,000 Souls to gather some information, but after getting the information she wanted, she was notified that there were people rushing to encircle her. She had already obtained the information she needed, and was about to call for backup, when she saw a white hand stab through the wolf-headed man in front of her, and crush his wolf head. The brains juices had even splattered onto her. *Could he not kill in a less terrifying way?*

Ye Cang indifferently flung off the blood on his hand, and looked at Qing Yun. “Have a handkerchief?”

Qing Yun was a bit speechless. She took out her handkerchief. Ye Cang wiped his hand, then looked at the blood on his body, and sighed. “Have a wallet?”

*What does he want?* She skeptically passed her wallet over. Ye Cang looked at it. As expected of the country’s secret organization, they were wealthy. There was an entire 50,000,000 federal dollars in cash. He took the thick wad of money, and stuffed it into his own wallet. It was composed of only 1 million dollar bills. “You can expense it with the baldie. I’ll use this money to get a change of clothes. Ok, you clean up here. I’ll leave first.”

Ye Cang returned her empty wallet. Qing Yun clenched her teeth. She wanted to snatch back the money, since both the work money and her own was in there, but she didn’t dare. God knows if he would pull out her heart, just like that wolfman. He had easily torn over 20 mutants into dregs. He really was stronger than the vice-leader, probably even as strong as the boss, otherwise how would he dare to mock boss’s bald head.

“Not going to thank me? I helped you deal with these people...” Ye Cang patted her shoulder and said with an indifferent smile

“Thank you sir. Leave this place to me.”Qing Qun felt it was both funny and embarrassing, but even more than that, it was terrifying. She wasn’t afraid of mutants, artificial creatures, or evil people, only this guy in front of her… He was just too strange.

“Very good. As your senior, I think highly of you~” Ye Cang smiled. Then he turned and looked at Zhao XinRu, who was standing in a puddle of blood, staring back at him horrified. He slowly walked over. Zhao XinRu’s expression became even more frightened. When in her life has she ever seen such a scene. A slaughter that made her hair stand on end. She watched as he reached out to her. She wanted to dodge, but didn’t dare upon sensing the power in that hand. She felt him supporting her and helping her wipe the blood off her face with a handkerchief. He spoke in an indifferent tone, “I remember you. From whichever student council right? You should go home. Also… keep what you saw today a secret. Afterall, it’s government classified~”

Seeing how Ye Cang had helped someone wipe their face, Qing Yun’s blood ran even colder.

“Clean yourself up...” Ye Cang patted the intestines off her shoulder, then walked down the stairs.

Qing Yun felt Ye Cang’s presence disappear. She smiled bitterly and looked at the dazed Zhao XinRu. “Zhao family girl. Go home. This is a Dragon Group affair, just pretend you didn’t see anything...”

Zhao XinRu snapped out of her daze. Her body felt numb, and her legs felt weak. “He’s from the Dragon Group?”

Qing Yun just nodded. Zhao XinRu left the building, deep in thought.

Qing Yun looked around at the crime scene, and shivered. After a long time, Ren Long also arrived, and looked at the surrounding doubtfully. “White hair was here?”

“Mm...” Qing Yun nodded.

“Tsk tsk, other than him no one can make such a mes...” Ren Long smiled. 

“About that. Boss, he took over 15,000,000 federal dollars from me and told me to expense it from you.” Qing Yun recalled her money.

“F\*\*k, he did this last time too! Bull- bull- bullsh\*t! Pay it yourself! There’s an unwritten rule in the organization. Never show wealth to white hair, otherwise you’ll be robbed. Deal with the consequences yourself!” Ren Long said unhappily.

“......” Qing Yun’s heart sank. *Why didn’t you tell me earlier that such an unwritten rule exists.*

Ye Cang, dressed in brand new clothes, hummed a song as he returned to the Qin house.

As for Zhao XinRu, she was scared witless. Even in her room, wrapped in a blanket, she could still feel the chill from that scene. When she closed her eyes, she would see limps raining from the sky as well as that strange man who could still smile indifferently in this hell and even do such a strange action like wiping her face with a handkerchief. She recalled that for the five schools competition, he would be participating on Lin Hai’s team. Even Sun Ru, Li Ke and those abnormal geniuses wouldn’t be his match no matter how many lives they had...

Thorns and Roses club.

The club members were all gathered. What surprised Ye Cang was that there was a new member, and he was even an old acquaintance. It was SpyingBlade. ThornyRose, besides her irritation with Ye Cang, was in a good mood. SpyingBlade’s had brought with him the Berserk Shadow, an especially powerful S rank character. It was a very popular assassin character, as many clubs had tried to purchase it but were all denied.

“Next week is the start of the A rank preliminaries, which will decide the S rank competition participants and the teams for the Great Christmas War. Now, I’ll be announcing our starting lineup. Arena Fight Starters: ThornyRose, SpyingBlade, PaleSnow, ElegantFragrance, HappyAndCheerful, HeavenShakingMight, DemonSpirit, FrozenBlood, and NightSky. The above will be chose from based on the situation. Arena Fight Substitutes: PassingBreeze, FrozenCloud, DyedLily, GreenDew, KittyKat, LittleJade.” ThornyRose announced the members for the arena matches.

“Hero mode’s starters and substitutes are the same.”

“Entertainment mode will depend on the circumstances. Later, everyone list your strengths and specialties. For example, if the entertainment mode is basketball, then those who are good at it will take priority. ElegantFragrance will be in charge of chess.”

Ye Cang and Lin Le were completely confused. ThornyRose sighed. They probably didn’t understand the league system at all, so she began to explain. “There are three modes, Arena, Hero, and Entertainment. The arena mode is separated into two phases, duels and group battle. Dueling is worth 2 points, and the group battle worth 3. Then hero mode is worth 5 (Similar to League of Legends, but in first person). Entertainment mode is worth 2. In other words, there are 5 + 5 + 2 for a total of 12 points. You just have to fight for as many points as you can. The four great guilds, Lord’s Reign, Slaughterhouse, Falling Star, Heavenly Dragon are all opponents we’ll meet after the preliminaries. Our division has already been decided. Hah, although we’re in the same division as Falling Star, the good thing is that our first opponent is a club that was recently promoted from B rank - Broken Halberd. It shouldn’t be too hard to win.”

ThornyRose saw that Ye Cang and Lin Le were still looking perplexed, making her chest tighten. “Forget it, you two won’t understand. When the time comes, just win.”

Ye Cang and Lin Le suddenly comprehended and nodded. ThornyRose sighed deeply. She simply couldn’t communicate with those two.

“You’ve already practiced many times for arena and hero mode. Today, let’s try entertainment mode. This is a mode that every club attached great importance to. Some clubs even have players specialized for this mode. Don’t look down on those two points. That year when the Flame Dragon Union lost in death valley, it was because of those two points. In the end, they lost one point to the Knights of the Round Table. Every year, many victories and defeats are determined by entertainment mode.” ThornyRose said. 
