---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 330"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 330: The Concert Begins**

“Entertainment mode is?” Ye Cang was puzzled.

“It’s like a random game. Some require more people like basketball, soccer. Others are like chess, gambling, etc… In short, the games are many and varied.” ThornyRose rolled her eyes. “Let’s just try.”

The random game they got was ‘Fight the Landlord<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>’. The landlord was randomly assigned to Ye Cang. Ye Cang selected Lin Le as his representative. The opposing team’s ThornyRose selected ElegantFragrance and herself to be the farmers. The moment Lin Le received his cards, he immediately threw them onto the table. 4 2s, 4 As, 4 Ks, 4 Qs, and 4 Js. “Anyone have a pair of jokers? If not, then you lose.”

ThornyRose looked at her own cards. She only had a colored joker while ElegantFragrance had a black-and-white joker. They decisively conceded. *Holy crap, what kind of f\*cking hand is that. 5 bombs!*

ThornyRose once again randomed a game. Ludo. Ye Cang once again made Lin Le go up. ThornyRose selected SpyingBlade. Then, SpyingBlade lost without ever getting to touch the dice.

ThornyRose’s chest tightened, she couldn’t believe it. Once More! Basketball! She was destroyed once again by Zhang ZhengXiong’s mighty dunks and Ye Cang’s 100% accuracy shots. Again! *Haha, it’s this lady’s specialty. Speed swimming!* She watched as Lin Le and Ye Cang outstripped herself and FrozenBlood, then swaggered off. Ye Cang didn’t even forget to give her a thumbs up. *I’ll tear him apart! How can there be such an annoying person!* Again! Diving! This was also one of her specialties. It involved coordination. She watched as Little Ye Tian took out a pen and started making some calculations. After calculating power and speed, she performed an extremely difficult dive. A perfect victory.

“Um, we were destroyed. These guys are extremely good at this...” ElegantFragrance said awkwardly

“I’ll definitely win one!” ThornyRose ground her teeth. Ye Cang’s smiled indifferently as if he was smiling at a friend. Again!

This time was cooking. Even with everyone advising against it, they couldn’t stop Ye Cang from going on stage. ThornyRose picked the best cook amongst them, KittyKat. In the end, there was a pile of black stuff and a gorgeous dish. Ye Cang expression was that of a victor's, which made ThornyRose puzzled. Where did that confidence come from!? However one looked at it, Kitty’s was more than just a little bit better.

“Blue team’s evaluation -185 points. Red team’s evaluation 95 points. Red team wins...”

“How can that be! My skills are clearly better!” Ye Cang said, his face full of disbelief.

“......” Everyone froze.

*Where do you see that your skills are better! Where does your groundless confidence come from!?* ThornyRose facepalmed and roared in her heart. She was almost tricked by his confident expression. She sighed. If the random game is cooking, then he’s out, unless it’s a contest of disgust.

“I demand a change of judges! This one’s clearly biased. Bribery! Corruption!” Ye Cang protested.

“Let’s end it here for today. Dismissed.” ThornyRose sighed, tired.

Ye Cang and the others stayed with the Qin family for a few days, then returned to Lin Hai for Wu Na’s concert which was in the night market’s plaza. Just as they arrived and scanned their IDs to enter, Wu Na’s sent a cry for help. They went back-stage, and discovered that the only ones there were Wu Na and the rhythm guitarist K.

“Old J is sick. B is in prison for speeding. Miss X just learned that she’s pregnant and had a miscarriage. Something also happened to the dancers, and they can’t make it. What am I supposed to do!? Ah! Could it be I’m just an artist that is fated to fail!? I don’t even get to have a debut!?” Wu Na was talking rapidly and blowing her top. They only had 2 people! Ye Cang walked over and pressed down on her shoulders. “Nana, calm down. It’s no use getting irritated. Lil’Dino, can you substitute for someone?”

“Sure. DJ, woodwind, or guitar are all fine.” FrozenCloud offered her help.

“Cough cough. Nana, I said I would come cheer you on. I’ll bring my naked bass!!” Flasher Uncle appeared with his trenchcoat and exclaimed.

“Since even you are going on stage, how can I let you have all the spotlight! You should know that I’m a super drummer...” Panty Uncle also appeared out of nowhere wearing his top hat, making a graceful greeting.

“Sister Nana, I’ll be in charge of the keyboard. I’ll also help you change the CG and opening movie...” Little Ye Tian raised her hand, showing she would help.

“Lil’Dino, Flasher Uncle, Panty Uncle… Thank you everyone… Waaaahh...” Wu Na was moved to tears. When she was at her most helpless, they had actually appeared to help. Even though Flasher Uncle, Panty Uncle, and Lil’Dino were supposed to be guests. Even Little Tian had offered to help, which helped her feel more assured. They had all become her supports, propping her up. Tha man named K stood up and bowed to everyone.

“We still need a dancer...” Wu Na said, but thinking about it, isn’t it fine even without dancers? But if possible, it was still better to have them.

“Bro, you do it. You’re the best dancer around.” Zhang ZhengXiong grinned.

Wu Na and the others heard it and froze. *He can dance!? Even the best one around!? For real!?*

“I haven’t danced in a long time.” Ye Cang said, waving it off.

“Last time when I couldn’t sleep, I saw Brother Lil’White dancing by himself in the theater near the apartment. You were amazing.” Lin Le also said.

“Whatever, you do it. Everyone hurry and prepare your clothes and get styled. We’re Punk! Freedom! Yeaahh!!” Wu Na shouted excited. FrozenCloud covered her forehead. Wu Na changed the moment she began talking about punk.

Ye Cang wore his clothes from the party, and accepted the extra top hat that Panty Uncle passed over. FrozenCloud froze. Where had that extra top hat come out from? She looked at Panty Uncle’s face and was inflicted with a charm effect. *So handsome...*

Panty Uncle faced FrozenCloud and nodded with a smile. FrozenCloud quickly ran into the changing room, and shrieked. “Yes!! It’s an A+!!”

Wu Na was rather jealous. A+ were worth a lot. She looked to Panty Uncle imploringly.

“As a professional undergarment specialist, I can’t be bias. Apologies, Mademoiselle Nana...” Panty Uncle’s words made Wu Na blush, especially when he said Mademoiselle Nana. Although it would be disgusting coming out of Shaking Bear’s mouth, from Panty Uncle, it was like the call of an angel.

“I want to be the announcer!” Lin Le volunteered. Wu Na faintly smiled. It was fine to let Lele play a bit. “Ok, you can be the announcer! Don’t mess up, otherwise… your allowance will be halved.”

“Don’t worry, leave it to Lele.” Lin Le quickly became extremely serious.

Originally, the 1000 seat venue was not yet full, but at this time, an announcement played through the east district night market that made everyone want to go.

“T-105! Flasher Uncle! Panty Uncle! Collaborating with the band Falling Sand to give everyone a musical and visual fiesta!!!”

The holographic projections started up, showing Ye Cang’s group, Flasher Uncler, Panty Uncle, Wu Na, and K’s group photo! The originally uninterested people all began to flock towards the venue. Wu Na peeked outside and froze from fright. This was probably more than 100,000. The space could only fit 2000 people. But! They had even crowded around the outside! It was a spectacular scene. She began to hyperventilate and get nervous. The mohawked K looked too and froze.

“This, this, how do I read this word? Fiesta!? Really?” Lin Le’s cute voice played through the announcements.

“It’s the foolish strategist Lin Le! The holy war’s supporting troop’s leader!!!”

“He sounds so cute! Brother Le! I want to ride your mushroom!!”

“Fie... Whatever, the concert is starting! Remember to give my announcing a like after seeing this! You better not let me find you if you give me a dislike!”

“Haha!” Everyone at the venue began to laugh.

After that, Wu Na and K walked out one after the other under a calm applause. The first song was one Wu Na had composed called ‘Shoot’em Up, Public Servants Should All Die’. The song started with a hiss. Then the bass began to play. Zhang ZhengXiong quickly turn on the spotlight. The humming of Flasher Uncle’s bass was welcomed by everyone’s clapping and cheering. It wasn’t even the chorus yet and the performance was going well. Wu Na began to sing. “This shot not only kills a mad life, but represents the injustice of law enforcement, as they shoot at your hands and feet!! Why do you need to point at life with those instruments of death! Public servants! Public servants! Shirk responsibility is your name! In front of a child, your shot only ends the mad dog, but not the child’s suffering, as your superiors offer empty words! How clean are you!? Even if people call you heroes, I just !@#$ want to say, I X you son of a B! I X you son of a B! Everyone together! Raise your middle fingers!”

Along with the chorus, which started with the words ‘public servants’, the light pointing at Panty Uncle turned on as he played a rain of crazy drum beats. Then Flasher Uncle pulled his coat open! His crazy bass was like a beast that feasted on women! Wu Na’s hoarse voice went from quiet to a rallying shout of denouncement, which brought a shiver to everyone's heart

Ye Cang’s dance began. His steps were sometimes heavy, sometimes light, sometimes fast, playing out the role of a mournful mad dog. Lin Le jumped out holding a prop gun, with a childish smile. On his chest was written the word ‘Police’. Ye Cang jumped to dodge, and Lin Le shot his gun. Ye Cang gorgeously flipped and fell to the ground. He grievously looked towards the toy baby that Lin Le had placed, then sobered up. His eyes were full of regret as he passed away.

Everyone got up and applauded. They couldn’t help but want to clap for this unknown band. That sort of shocking message really hit the spot. The first song already featured Flasher Uncle’s naked bass, Panty Uncle’s rapid beats, and White Asura’s gorgeous dance and acting. It had immediately engulfed Lin Hai City. As the main vocal, Wu Na had been submerged by the tide, but she didn’t know this yet.

The crowd had more and more people holding up their middle finger and shouting profanities, giving vent to the dissatisfaction in their heart. Wu Na sang these cynical lyrics full of profanities and even the name of sexual organs. It’s not that she couldn’t write a light ballad, she wanted to allow everyone to give vent to their resentment. She knew how much it hurt for those feelings stayed locked in the heart. Hearing over 10,000 people all shouting ‘I X you son of a B!’ she was shocked. She couldn’t help but raise both arms. With a smile covered in tears, two middle fingers pointed to the sky. “I X you son of a B!”

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dou_dizhu
