---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 335"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 335: 65 Hit Combo

“It’s starting!” Brother Zhao saw that the battle countdown had ended.

“They chose to rush straight in instead of probing. That Brother Diamond’s aura is astonishing! It feels like he could fight 3 on 1.” Zuo Yiyi was drawn to Zhang ZhengXiong’s Fist Hero. He looked as fierce as a tiger. Coming at him were 3 or 4 wolves.

“Indeed, his aura almost seems to have destructive power. In ancient times, one’s aura had a large effect on a battle because it could influence morale! To be more imposing than your opponent, this phrase isn’t without reason.” Brother Zhong analysed.

Zhang ZhengXiong knocked aside HalberdInSand’s fierce slash, his elbow smashing at his chest. He twisted, dodging InstantNoodle’s longsword, then faintly ducked, dodging BitterBuckwheatNoodle’s dagger throw. Seeing this, Brother Zhao couldn’t refrain from standing up. “Such terrifying reflexes. I’m afraid that he would not even lose out to CloudDragon. In that short period of time, he could actually dodge 3 attacks and even counterattack! He’s actually fighting 1 against 3! It’s not only his aura! This Brother Diamond is a top class melee specialist!”

CloudDragon stretched his fingers and stared closely at Zhang ZhengXiong. Since Really New Village, Zhang ZhengXiong has been like an unsheathed sword, constantly radiating aggressiveness. His operating ability is just like Old Zhao said, an extremely top quality melee specialist. CloudDragon really wanted to fight. White Hair, Shaking Bear, SpyingBlade, Lele; Thorns and Roses this year might not be inferior to powerful guilds like Misty Rain, Freedom Alliance, and Lord’s Reign! He looked at Ye Cang, who was indifferently wandering the field, the clinking sounds of his swords following him everywhere. *Let me see what your Blade Demoness is like.*

BitterBuckwheatNoodles was no longer in the battle against HeavenShakingMight, instead he was walking towards the back row. He was not panicked, nor anxious. He moved as if he was taking a walk. Suddenly, he discovered the clinking sound of blades. *Looking down on me!? Thorns and Roses might be powerful! But don’t look down on me!* He broke into a run towards the sound. CapableLiu shouted, “Buckwheat! Back up! You’re not his match!”

CapableLiu sighed. She wasn’t able to call him back. In the first round, he was careless and lost to the Giant Blade Warrior, now in order to regain his honor, he had lost his rationality. Looking at Ye Cang being calm and unperturbed, she could tell he wasn’t someone simple. “WiseSea, prepare your ultimate so that boss and them can return!”

CapableLiu said, then prepared to cast her magic - Hurricane.

Ye Cang unhurriedly watched the charging assassin. He was, as before, leisurely walking forwards. Buckwheat’s twin daggers began to glow with a black light. *Though you may have an S rank character, but the Blade Demoness isn’t something an average person can master!* He blinked to Ye Cang’s side, his dagger stabbing towards Ye Cang’s heart, and was only 10 or so centimeters away. 

Clink. His two thumbs sent the blades shooting all the way out of his sheath.

This clink seemed to have stopped time for a moment.

CloudDragon’s heart shook. “It’s here!”

A light flashed, like a spark from a lighter. Buckwheat was completely astonished. In the next moment, his dagger would have stabbed into his opponent’s heart, but what was this pain he felt on his head!? He hadn’t even seen what happened. He only saw his health continuously drop, extremely quickly, until it hit zero! He had died! Yet why could he still feel himself getting cut!?

In the moment Ye Cang drew the swords, his sword hilts had smashed into Buckwheat’s jaw and left hand. Then a rising slash, horizontal slash, downward chop, horizontal slash. After the attacks, his swords were resheathed and his fingers popped out the two swords again, wave them left and right in a four hit combo, and then changing weapons! The combo bonus didn’t allow drawing of the same swords more than twice, and a single draw didn’t allow more than two attacks with each weapon. Besides the fact that the unsheathing time of other weapons were decreased by 0.5 seconds, he would also lose his speed buff if he didn’t. He suddenly rotated and drew the long saber on his back, slashing in a circle, creating an ephemeral fullmoon-like afterimage. He performed the rotating slash once more, then his left hand sheathed it while his right hand reached for the short hooked blade on his left shoulder. He rapidly slashing twice, while his left hand reached for the sword on his right shoulder! Two slashes! His combo continuously increased.

Everyone looked at Ye Cang’s flowing sword dance, continuously drawing the long saber, straight blades, and short hooked swords. A textbook example of how to take advantage of variable length slashes. Finally, when the combo ended, Ye Cang sheathed his sword with a clink, then continued playing with his swords as if fiddling with a lighter.

“61 slashes! He actually broke Akari’s record!” Brother Zhao held his now skewed nightcap, completely shocked. Were Really New Village’s Three Brothers all so strong!? All three of them had superstar level strengths! This Brother Hero had even broken the combo record on the Blade Demoness!

“It wasn’t 61! It was 65!” Brother Zhong showed the slow motion capture of the last few seconds.

“Beautiful...” CloudDragon couldn’t help but exclaim. VastSea didn’t speak a word. What kind of coordination was required to perform such a high combo. The faster it became, the more coordination would be required. Even if you could move at the speed of sound, but if you didn’t have the control and reflexes to match, then it was just taking needless risks.

“My god, aren’t Really New Village’s Three Brothers too awesome. All three are so strong!?”

“This year, there might be an unexpected dark horse. Thumbs up for Thorns and Roses.”

“Dark horse? They're smurfs! How is that fair? Breaking the record is amazing, but compared to those abnormals from the seeded teams, it’s not much. The competition is just beginning...”

“Who cares! If you’re so awesome, let’s see you try to break the record! You only know how to shoot your mouth!”

“Stop fighting. Although the brother up there was somewhat aggressive, but he makes a valid point. The four great guilds aren’t pushovers, and the league has just started. Broken Halberd is just a rookie team. Although they have potential, but it must be said that they are currently only upper middle ranked at best. First of all, that Buckwheat shouldn’t have underestimated an S rank character while using an A rank one. Even if the Blade Demoness’ difficulty is high, but with Miss Rose’s intelligence, she had let him use it so he must definitely not be lackluster. Even if Thorns and Roses are facing many problems left by the predecessors, and are struggling at their deathbed, they still have top experts like ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and ElegantFragrance. Anyone would fight to recruit them.”

“My friend above is correct. Anyways, let’s continue watching...”

“This white hair, he has the essence of my ‘Way of the Staff and Blade’...”

“Oh, it’s appeared...”

“Such insignificant accomplishments. It’s not even a thousandth of my island nation’s sword technique...”

“Tsk, you Island nation dogs. Continue to gnash your teeth, see if you can still say that later...”

“I don’t know whether we can say it, but at least we don’t make fun of your TV shows! Too appalling! Where is there a woman who would hide a grenade in the crotch of her pants, take so many H pictures, then end the show in mutual destruction! Also stop with those foot fetishes and necrophilia, are you sure it’s a holy war drama!? Even if you’re parodying us, can you at least have some base standard! Can you!”

“Eh, what he says makes sense. I’m actually left unable to respond...”

“......”

The scene returned to Ye Cang. Having to confront Ye Cang’s 65 hit combo, the opposing team’s morale had plummeted. The clink clink of his sabers pounded on their hearts. CapableLiu clenched her teeth. *What to do? This Brother Hero is simply a monster. That Brother Diamond is also especially strong, and he doesn’t even cower when faced with my hurricane. Although we’ve managed to regroup, they’ve already cornered us and killed one of the front-liners. I don’t even have time to cast, ElegantFragrance is completely restraining me. This competition is clearly just a cat playing with a mouse.*

ThornyRose’s pulled out her longsword from InstantNoodle’s chest. The match was pretty much set. CapableLiu and WiseSea saw Zhang ZhengXiong and Ye Cang coming and chose to surrender. They could only try to snatch a victory through hero mode and entertainment mode. Compared to arena mode, hero mode was more favorable to them.

“Next is hero mode. There will probably not be any big changes to the two side’s lineup. How do you think ThornyRose and HalberdInSand will divide the lanes? Brother Zhao, Brother Zhong?” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

“For Thorns and Roses, it will probably be that girl who uses the Rainbow Knight and ElegantFragrance in one lane. FrozenBlood and ThornyRose will probably go together. As for the middle lane, if it goes according to the normal development, then Blade Demoness, Fist Hero, or DemonSpirit’s elementalist are all candidates. However, if they are planning to use it as a ganking position, then it will probably be the Berserk Shadow or FrozenBlood if she chooses to not go with ThornyRose.” Brother Zhao analysed.

“I feel like the chances of the Fist Hero or Blade Demoness being in the middle lane is much higher. Both of their abilities are very strong in hero mode, and the athlete’s capabilities is another factor. You’re also neglecting one person.” Brother Zhong took over.

“Mad Devil Le?” Zuo Yiyi raised her brows.

“Correct...” Brother Zhong faintly nodded.

“In hero mode, the Giant Blade Warrior’s abilities are a bit lackluster… except for his ability to warm benches.” Brother Zhao said, looking through the data. The skills worked differently in the two modes (Hero mode is like LOL where you start at level 1, slowly gain skills, and use the souls of slain enemies to purchase equipment. Souls can also be used in the shop to buy supplies and special equipment.)

“The two sides’ rosters are out! Oh, there really is the Giant Blade Warrior! This year’s Thorns and Roses really aren’t following common sense. They actually invited the newly revealed and inexperienced Really New Village’s Three Brothers, then paid a high price to get them S rank characters, even though they are all difficult to use, and less popular than A ranks.” Brother Zhao saw the list of participants and involuntarily cried out.

“It feels like they’re really giving it their all, and they haven’t disappointed the audience. It’s a very much worth seeing, new and improved, Thorns and Roses...” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

“Indeed, out of all the divisions, this one is the most eye catching.” Brother Zhong approved. “Although even I can’t guess their lanes. Whichever lane the Giant Blade Warrior goes to, none of them seem very outstanding. Perhaps he can jungle, but his ganking ability seems rather weak. He’s too slow. He only has one movement skill, and it isn’t even a teleport type.”
