---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 336"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 336: Three Person Lane

“The lane distribution… truly impossible to guess...” Zuo Yiyi smiled bitterly.

Brother Zhao was also frozen. He couldn’t help muttering, “It’s another move that doesn’t follow common sense.”

“Are they really...” Brother Zhong stroked his chin and mumbled.

ThornyRose was on the field, speechless. These three guys were too willful. The moment it started, they insisted on wanting to all go in one lane, then they each bought a 5% lifesteal rune. Under Ye Cang’s orders, none of them even looked back as they ran up the lane, leaving behind a speechless ThornyRose, ElegantFragrance, and a waving Little Ye Tian. Finally, ThornyRose smiled bitterly and swapped with Little Ye Tian. She had ElegantFragrance go to the bottom lane, she took the middle lane, and let FrozenBlood jungle.

“What do Really New Village’s Three Bro’s intend to do?” Zuo Yiyi asked curiously.

While the the soldier hadn’t arrived yet, Zhang ZhengXiong, Ye Cang, and Lin Le hid in the bush  enemy side bush. They all crouched down.

“When they come, if they dare to come in, A’Xiong you restrain him and then we’ll burn him down. If we can kill, then kill.” Ye Cang said. The three of them patiently waited. 

“Such a retro tactic...” Brother Zhao muttered.

“Will this work? The other side isn’t stupid.” Zuo Yiyi expressed her doubt.

A horn sounded and the soldiers were dispatched. Their opponents were InstantNoodles and HalberdInSand. The two of them followed the soldiers and arrived at the battle area, but where were the opponents? They quickly sent a message. “No enemies up top!”

“InstantNoodles, go hide in the bush. They’re probably out in the jungle.” Halberd pondered and said. InstantNoodles nodded, then began heading for the bush. The moment he went in.

“Congratulations, player HappyAndCheerful has slain player InstantNoodles. First blood.”

“......” The host, the commenters, and the spectators all froze. It really succeeded.

Halberd also froze. When he snapped out of it, he began to run. For Ye Cang’s first level skill, he chose the displacement skill - Blade Edge Blink. The skill allowed him to instantly teleport to the spot that the enemy’s blade faced. If the enemy was attacking, can attempt to block the attack. If successful, rapidly perform a counter.

Halberd looked at Ye Cang, who appeared in front of his longsword, and quickly chopped.

“Damn, I shouldn’t have attacked yet. I should have waited 2 seconds for his effect to end, or just defend myself and run. We’re all first level, and amongst the Blade Demoness’ displacement skills, Blade Edge Blink was the best at low levels. First of all, it was considered a mid-distance blink, next it’s special effect was a block which could lead to a combo if successful.”

“The combo’s started.” Zuo Yiyi pointed out.

“7 slashes.” Brother Zhong couldn’t help exclaiming. “Only level one yet he can combo 7 slashes. Although every slash only deals 45% of a normal attack, but it’s still enough to be fatal.”

“Player PaleSnow has slain Player HalberdInSand.”

“Now Broken Halberd will have a hard fight...” Brother Zhao sighed.

The middle lane ThornyRose sighed in relief. As long as the top lane won, it was fine. She easily dealt with CapableLiu, even though she had to play a melee paladin against a mage. She currently had the advantage in experience, making CapableLiu sigh. As expected of the tank famous for her PVP - Miss Rose. CapableLiu could only defend.

At the bottom lane, ElegantFragrance was showing off what made her one of the best archers. She pretty much got the last hit on every soldier, receiving their souls, and could even spare the time to suppress the enemy. The only helpless one was FrozenBlood. Every lane had been pushed far in, so she didn’t dare gank. She could only go catch the opposing jungler, Buckwheat. She activated her stealth skill, and her silhouette gradually disappeared.

In the top lane, Ye Cang and the others were already level 3, and they were already attacking the tower. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong directly went around the tower to intercept the two who should be coming back just about now, while Lin Le brandished his giant blade, beginning to tear the tower down.

“The Giant Blade warrior deals so much damage to towers! The tower’s defence is barely effecting him!” Zuo Yiyi cried out. He was doing as much damage as 3 characters!

“Mad Devil Le chose to pick not an active skill for one of his levels, but a passive that should be considered useless in competition matches, Giant Slayer. This passive’s effect allows the Giant Blade Warrior to deal increased damage with increased armor penetration against oversized enemies. This passive has a hidden effect which is, it also works on buildings. However, I only just discovered it. If that’s so, then the Giant Blade Warrior’s benchwarmer title can be discarded.” Brother Zhao said.

“Tsk tsk, the League of Tyrants lost out. This character has transformed and become the coalition's first or second best tower killer. It’s value will skyrocket.” Brother Zhong grinned.

Ye Cang was guarding behind the enemy tower. The clink clink of his swords cleared out the incoming soldiers. Looking at his soul points, he chose to upgrade his weapon. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, he upgraded his qi and began to hunt in the nearby jungle.

Halberd saw that Ye Cang and the others had become completely rampant. They were actually pushing the tower by cutting off the enemy soldiers! He decisively called Buckwheat over, then he quietly snuck into the forest and saw Zhang ZhengXiong killing their jungle monster. Buckwheat pounced out from the other side. Just as he attacked, Buckwheat heard a cold female voice coming from behind him. “Caught~ you~...”

Buckwheat quickly turned and stabbed, but FrozenBlood jumped aside. It only took 5 moves to finish Buckwheat off, an abnormally clean kill. Buckwheat revived in the base, and smiled bitterly. As expected of the Night Empress. He had watched her in competitions ever since middle school, but now, he was really going against her. He didn’t think the gap would be so big. He took a deep breath. Today, he kept made a fool of himself, and he was not resigned to leaving it that way. He gripped his daggers, and once again entered the jungle.

Halberd and InstantNoodle discovered that Buckwheat had been slain by FrozenBlood, so they planned to quickly withdraw, but a clink clink sound appeared from not far behind them. Their hearts sank. *Not good, we’re surrounded!*

“Top lane’s first tower has been destroyed by player HappyAndCheerful!”

Not only had their ambush been countered, but even their tower was destroyed. They felt extremely sullen. They could only rush in the Blade Demoness’s direction to try and break through, but Ye Cang was already level 5, while he and instant noodles were only level 2. Besides, he had definitely upgraded his weapons. Whatever! The two of them charged towards Ye Cang who was calmly playing with his swords. His swords were drawn, he dodged Halberd’s skill, earth splitter. Blade Edge Sprint! His blade edge sprint dodged past InstantNoodle’s Multi-Thrust, then immediately stabbed through Halberd, arrived in a position about 10 meters behind him. He turned, threw out the short sword on his shoulder, killing him. Blade Edge Blink! He blinked and appeared before InstantNoodle, who had yet to cancel his multi-thrust. Block! Counter! Combo! Straight blade, long saber, short hooked blade! He performed nearly 10 beautiful yet chilling slashes, then sheathed his swords.

“Player PaleSnow has slain players HalberdInSand and InstantNoodle. Double Kill...”

Ye Cang was sheathing his sword, and saw that his level had reached 6. He put a point in one of his main moves - Blade Frenzy. “A’Xiong, you and Lele play around up here. I learned my ult, so I’m going to go gank...”

“Bro! Wait for me! It’s my turn to be in the spotlight!” Zhang ZhengXiong struck with his palm, killing the jungle monster, then quickly chased up. Lin Le also raised his giant blade and followed. “I want to go too! I want to go too! Gank or whatever! How can you not include Lele!!”

“Hey! If you all leave, what about top lane!” FrozenBlood shouted, dumbfounded.

“You look after it...”  The three of them all turned and shrugged. Then, they walked into the jungle.

“I should be the ganking jungler!” FrozenBlood helplessly walked to the lane and began to yawn as she slaughtered the soldiers and reap their souls. *This is fine too. I can get to level 6 and get Single Flash.*

“Really New Village’s Three Brothers are really interesting...” Zuo Yiyi couldn’t help laughing.

“Looks like this year, there will be three new unusual and interesting guys.” Brother Zhong also couldn’t help but laugh.

“Um, is it fine for them to gank like that...” Brother Zhao watched as Ye Cang walked while continuing to play and make clinking sounds. Lin Le walked while smashing things, making loud booming sounds.

“......” Zuo Yiyi was also a bit speechless. “They have entered the river and are heading for middle lane.”

“Capable, careful. They’re going to mid for you.” Halberd warned.

CapableLiu smiled bitterly. She didn’t even need his warning. The sound in the jungle was so loud, anyone would know something was there.

ThornyRose’s heart tightened. *Is there anyone who ganks like that!? Before you even arrive, your sound does first!* She spent her points on her shield and equipment. “I’ll tank 3 hits from the tower, you guys slaughter her as fast as possible for me.”

Ye Cang pondered, then brought everyone to the back of the first tower, before giving ThornyRose a signal. He looked at CapableLiu who was hiding cautiously under the tower. He faintly lowered his stance, “A’Xiong, if she fails to draw the towers attacks, you do it. Lele, you better not miss.’”

ThornyRose pushed the lane up. Buckwheat made his way over from the right side river. Seeing that ThornyRose was about to be up against the tower, he stealthed. ThornyRose suddenly rushed the tower, and used Judgement to stun CapableLiu. CapableLiu quickly broke out of stun with Cryonics, then circled to the back of the tower. ThornyRose sneered. CapableLiu felt a chill on her back, and quickly turned. A qi bullet was already in front of her eyes. She was knocked into the walls of the tower, and was stunned once again. ThornyRose quickly blocked the tower’s shot and slashed at her, then began running to Ye Cang’s position. If she didn’t run, she would take an extra shot and die! If she died, her soul reward would go to CapabeLiu, which wasn’t worth it! “Hurry up!”

Ye Cang charged with Blade Edge Sprint, running past Thornyrose, killing her, then stabbing into CapableLiu’s throat. Lin Le also came from behind with his movement skill, running over with big steps, beheading CapableLiu with one strike. As ThornyRose was dying, she looked to Ye Cang and pointed to him, “F\*\*k...”

Ye Cang and Lin Le watched as the tower’s last shot hit the corpse of ThornyRose, and they succeeded in getting away.

“It should have been possible for ThornyRose to survive, right?” Zuo Yiyi broke out in cold sweat. Ye Cang had killed his own teammate.

“Mm, ThornyRose must have calculated it and should have been able to survive with low health...” Brother Zhong replied.

“It must be because they still aren’t familiar with each other, and are lacking experience, so it could have been a miscommunication. By choosing to kill her himself, he would rather choose to suffer minus points rather than give the opponent points. Killing was done decisively, as expect of the leader of the three brother, Brother Hero.” Brother Zhao explained what he thought must have happened.
