---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 337"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 337: Boss Fight

Outside in the lounge, FrozenCloud fiercely shook her head. “Brother Zhao, Team Leader just wanted to kill Sister Rose...”

“X, a penalty. I lost 100 souls.” Ye Cang returned to the enemy’s jungle, unhappily.

ThornyRose, who had revived at base, looked exceptionally gloomy. ElegantFragrance, who had come back to base, saw that ThornyRose was going to explode, and knew to tactfully buy her supplies, then leave. She didn’t even need to think to know what had happened, after all, there was a ‘player pale snow has slain teammate ThornyRose’ message...

“Bro, earlier, when we were in the river, I saw a boss. Let’s go fight the boss.” Zhang ZhengXiong proposed.

“Yeah, yeah! Brother Lil’White! Let’s go fight the boss!” Lin Le agreed.

“Alright, let’s go...” Ye Cang said, then the three of them walked down the river. The stage was Nightmare Rainforest, so the two fixed bosses upriver were the Titan Alligator, and Athos the Skeletal Demon. Downriver was Super Strength Python and Extremely Poisonous Toad Spirit. According to the difficulty from easiest to hardest, it went: Titan Alligator, Super Strength Python, Athos the Skeletal Demon, then the Extremely Poisonous Toad Spirit. They gave a rewards of 150,200,300,500 points respectively. The four bosses also gave a corresponding attribute reward.

The Broken Halberd members thought that Ye Cang’s three people were wandering the jungle looking for people, so they didn’t dare leave their towers. They completely turtled to catch up on levels.

Ye Cang looked at the Titan Alligator in front of them. “Go...”

The three of them began to gang up on the Titan Alligator. 

“A 6th level Blade Demoness, 5th level Fist Hero, and 5th level Giant Blade Warrior, planning to take on the Titan Alligator is a bit worrying...” Zuo Yiyi was concerned, because she had bet that Thorns and Roses would win.

“It should be fine. Mad Devil Le’s Giant Blade Warrior has Giant Slayer, so his damage against this sort of boss is terrifying. As long as the Blade Demoness and Fist Hero can persevere, then it should be doable.” Brother Zhao looked at the giant blade warrior and analysed.

“Little Zhao is correct, the Giant Blade Warrior’s weakness is PVP, but against a boss, he’s as good as an SS rank character. Especially against large sized bosses.” Brother Zhong nodded expressing his approval.

“F\*\*k. Bro, this alligator’s damage is so high. I already lost half my health!!” Zhang ZhengXiong tested out its damage.

“Then don’t get hit. A’Xiong, you and me restrain it. Lele’s damage against it is the highest. Don’t let Lele get hit!” Ye Cang dodged a bite, continuously comboing, his attack speed becoming faster and faster. Doing this, along with his dodging, left everyone dazzled.

Time slowly passed. The Broken Halberd members were becoming a bit puzzled. Where were Really New Village’s Three Brothers? It has already been so long, and there was no sign of them. Buckwheat also hasn’t found them in the jungle.

“The Titan Alligator has been slain by Thorns and Roses. Received 150 points and damage +10%!”

“......” Everyone in Broken Halberd broke out in cold sweat. Oh no! Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le had both reached level 6. Lin Le put his point into Giant Beheader. Zhang ZhengXiong into his ult, Qi Burst - Elements. Next they arrived at Athos the Skeletal Demon. After hesitating for a bit, they decisively went to the other side's boss. Seeing the Super Strength Python, they chose to beat it up. While they were undergoing their great battle, Buckwheat had rushed over to the Titan Alligator and saw it’s corpse.

“Super Strength Python has been slain by Thorns and Roses. Received 200 points and defence +10%!”

The three of them all upgraded their weapons, and tried fighting the Extremely Poisonous Toad Spirit. Not long after...

“Player PaleSnow, HappyAndCheerful, HeavenShakingMight were slain by Extremely Poisonous Toad Spirit.”

The three of them looked at each other. Lin Le gnashed his teeth. “Brother Lil’White, we definitely have to tear that big frog apart!!”

Ye Cang nodded, and thought back to the fight. As soon as the fight had started, there was an area-wide poison attack. There was no room to dodge, they could only fight in the poisonous fog. If they went now, they would just die again. What should they do? They decided to go ask someone. The one with the most experience was ThornyRose, but she had just been killed by him so was definitely harboring hard feelings. He decisively chose to ask FrozenBlood. “How to kill that damn frog?”

“First, you need enough lifesteal, enough poison resistance, then normally one would go with all 6 people after wiping out the other team, and when everyone is about level 11 with A rank characters or above.”

Ye Cang looked at his remaining points, then chose to upgrade his lifesteal rune.

“Bro, the store has poison resistance medicine! It’s 100 points, so expensive!” Zhang ZhengXiong said.

“Everyone buy one! I want that frog dead!” Ye Cang clenched his teeth and shouted. He completely gave up on improving his armor, and bought the poison resistance medicine. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le also bought it. The three of them once again began to blaze towards the Extremely Poisonous Frog Spirit.

“Hey, do you really need to spend so many points on poison resistance? Your main goal should be to defeat the others team. These bosses are just the icing on the cake. Only during deadlocks or close fights would a team bother to fight it for the extra income.” Zuo Yiyi covered her forehead.

“According to the data, the danger of fighting the frog now is still extremely great...” Brother Zhao analysed.

“However success is still possible. We’ll just have to see their coordination. They have reached the bare minimum poison resistance and lifesteal.” Brother Zhong smiled.

Returning to the Extremely Poisonous Frog Spirit, the three of them watched as Buckwheat walked out of the boss’s nest, and killed him, then continued onto the boss.

ThornyRose tried to dissuade them, but it was no use. The three of them were determined to kill it. Covering her forehead, she saw Broken Halberd’s members leave the lane. There was no doubt where they were going. If this toad boss was snatched by the enemy, their early lead would be completely gone. As this area’s final boss, the buff from killing it is extremely useful, and the souls it gave were equivalent to everyone getting 3.5 kills each. The most crucial was still the buff. Constitution +20%, damage taken -15%, and all attributes +5%. This definitely couldn’t be snatched away. “Everyone gather at the frog! ElegantFragrance, kill it if you have the chance. We definitely can’t let the other team snatch it! Icy, you and me will greet them...”

“Roger...” FrozenBlood’s dagger stabbed into an artillery soldier, leveling up to 7, then jumped into the river.

EleganFragance began looking for a sniping point, and looked around vigilantly.

“Actually, they can choose to not fight the frog. If they just gathered up for a push, that would be game. This has really become too annoying.” Zuo Yiyi sighed.

“It must be due to human nature. Really New Village’s Three Brother’s strength is clear, they have the qualities of top athletes, but they also have unstable elements. First, they aren’t disciplined. Second, they don’t listen to their superiors other than Brother Hero. Third, they let emotions affect their decisions.” Brother Zhao pointed to the screen and explained.

“However, that’s their charm...” Brother Zhong smiled ineffably.

Ye Cang dodged the frog’s spit and performed a ferocious chop. The three of them besieged the boss, fighting extremely happily. Surrounding them were murderous stares. ElegantFragrance raised her brow, shooting a volley of arrows. The recently resurrected Buckwheat was hit, but after taking two hits, he managed to escape and start bandaging himself. InstantNoodles didn’t dare hastily approach with ElegantFragrance’s sniping, and ThornyRose and FrozenBlood standing guard by the entrance. FrozenBlood was already level 7 and didn’t leave an opening, making them feel rather helpless.

“Let’s go, if we don’t charge in and steal the boss, then we’ll really lose. We’re already losing, so we have to bet on this!” CapableLiu gripped her staff and shouted.

“Capable is right! Even if we wipe, everyone fight to get in one last attack, and get that frog!” Halberd said, and then roared, “Go!”

The 6 Broken Halberd members began to charge. CapabeLiu summoned a tornado to try and resist some of ElegantFragrance’s arrows. 

“That sl\*t’s good...” ElegantFragrance saw that most of her attacks had been deflected by the tornado. She licked her lips, “Hundred Flowers Withering...”

Hundred Flowers Withering was ElegantFragrance’s level 6 skill. Shooting a magic arrow, it became gorgeous fireworks, and the withering ashes turned into Ice, fire and lightning, these three elemental attacks. Ice represented speed reduction, fire represented burn damage, and lightning represented paralysis. Although all of them only had a chance to work, but with such a large number, the chances were high. 

On Broken Halberd’s side, against ElegantFragrance’s blockade, they could only charge in with all their might. Thankfully, they had CapableLiu’s tornado, allowing them to make it through.

ThornyRose held back three people on her own, and didn’t seem to be losing. Buckwheat wanted to charge into the frog’s next, but he felt a cold chill on his side.

“Caught~ You~ Again~” FrozenBlood smiled. Buckwheat’s heart sank, he couldn’t let down the boss again! He resisted the inertia and twisted his body, barely dodge the dangerous attack.

FrozenBlood was slightly amazed. “Not bad...”

Buckwheat feigned an attack, but immediately turned into black smoke and arrived behind her. FrozenBlood also pretend to block, but directly activated her level 6 ultimate - Single Flash. Light and shadow flashed, and Buckwheat fell on the ground, his heart full of unwillingness. He could now understand the difference between them. It was not only the difference between A and S rank. Even if it was A vs A, he was still lacking in experience. He needed to train even harder.

“Thorns and Roses has succeeded in killing the Extremely Poisonous Frog Spirit. Received 500 points, constitution +20%, damage received -15%, all attributes +5%!”

“Their last hope is shattered. Their odds of success were already low, but now they don’t have any chance...” Brother Zhao sighed.

“Not going to surrender?” ThornyRose, who had just received 3 people’s worth of experience, smiled.

“As long as the base stands, we’ll never surrender!!” Halberd shouted.

ThornyRose faintly smiled. This newly promoted club was the most outstanding and promising out of the weak teams. She turned to look at Ye Cang’s 3, who had come out. They looked back at her, then continued heading to the last boss. They didn’t have any intention of providing support. ThornyRose immediately broke out in cold sweat. *Hey! Although I can hold them back, but to kill these 3 is not too likely! The other side only lost Buckwheat, they still have 5 people! Do you want us to fight 3 on 5!?* “Where are you guys going!”

“Fight the boss! Earlier, that skeleton boss looked at us funny, so we have to go kill it!” Lin Le replied without turning back. The three of them quickly disappeared down the river.
