---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 338"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Tony Giang, Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 338: Camping the Spawn Point

“They went off to fight Athos. They completely don’t care about ThornyRose’s life or death...” Zuo Yiyi watched ThornyRose’s group of three powerfully suppressing the 5 enemies, and having the advantage. The two sides were in a deadlock.

“Thorns and Roses has slain Athos the Skeleton Demon. Received 300 points, all attributes +10%.”

ThornyRose sighed in relief and quickly upgraded her shield. With the increase in attributes, the five Broken Halberd members were crushed by ThornyRose’s 3. Halberd sighed back at base, “There’s too much difference in resources, and only CapableLiu is level 6. After this time’s wipe, we really have no way to catch up. Let’s just defend.”

“That’s all we can do. The remaining soul points, everyone buy temporary power ups. Use them when the reach here. Kill any if possible.” CapableLiu nodded.

“Everyone gather in the middle!” ThornyRose roared.

Ye Cang’s three came to the middle lane and met up with the three women. Seeing ThornyRose’s hatred, Ye Cang spread his arms. “At that time, I thought you couldn’t be saved. Rather than benefiting others, better to deal with it ourselves. Look, it was for the team. You should understand...”

ThornyRose pointed at Ye Cang, unable to say a word, her chest heaving heavily. ElegantFragrance secretly thought, *She’s going to explode*, and quickly held her back. “Win first. Win first...”

ThornyRose turned away and sighed. Everyone launched the final attack. 1st tower, 2nd tower, then finally they arrived at the base. Zhang ZhengXiong roared, activated his qi protection, then directly charged up and tanked the tower. When everyone had joined him, he activated a skill! Qi Burst - Elements - Ice Ruin! A palm strike froze the area tens of meters ahead, covering it in ice spikes. While Zhang ZhengXiong was tanking the tower, Lin Le had arrived with big strides. Giant Beheader! Crushing Blow! Before the enemy even arrived, the tower had already received two powerful blows.

“This Giant Blade Warrior’s demolition ability is too...” Brother Zhao was staring rather blankly. They were only level 9...

“It’s a problem with the skills. Giant Beheader and Crushing Blow, they are effective against both people and towers, especially against oversized creature and constructs. I’ve even thought of a new use for the Giant Blade Warrior. He can be used against characters with large pets or who can transform. If they met him, they’d be in trouble. This Mad Devil Le’s build is basically specialized against the enemy towers and large sized creatures. PVP wise, he’s completely reliant on the Fist Hero to restrain the enemy, then using his massive damage to one shot them. Even if they don’t die in that one blow, they would be critically injured.” Brother Zhong said, carefully observing the giant blade warrior’s skill build.

“I have a premonitions that Really New Village’s Three brothers will really shine during this league...” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

“You don’t say...” Brother Zhao and Brother Zhong rolled their eyes.

“Eh...” Zuo Yiyi was somewhat embarrassed. She was actually being looked down on by a guy in pajamas and a golden anime haired guy.

“Oh, brother hero’s signature move is coming...” Brother Zhao pointed at a screen. Ye Cang’s Blade Demoness was walking while clinking his swords, unperturbed by the charging enemies. In a flash, his swords were drawn, his crazy combo appeared slaying the enemy, then he calmly sheathed his swords, and began clinking them again. A clink clink echoed through the base.

“Why does he keep playing with his swords? It feels like a useless action, like playing with a lighter.” Zuo Yiyi was very confused.

“It could just be a habit, but this movement isn’t useless. That unsheathing action has its uses. Look at this scene from when he was performing the 65 hit combo. After wielding the long saber with two hands, he crosses to grab the opposite blade. This is to optimize his actions a little more, improving his speed. Although it’s only a little bit faster, so little that it is negligible, but it’s still faster. As for this clinking movement, it sets a rhythm. Haven’t you noticed? The time between every one is always 1 second, the difference is practically non-existent. This guy is probably like CloudDragon, someone who trains in reality.” Brother Zhao said, showing the scene from earlier.

“Not only that...” Brother Zhong slowed down the scene, and pointed at Ye Cang’s movements. “This is the most perfect sword drawing motion I’ve ever seen. From the moment it leaves the sheath to when it hits the enemy, it’s perfectly straight. Thrusts are also done in a way to reduce the most air resistance. His steps are calm and steady. You see this step here? There’s not a single wasted movement. Even his stride is not off by a thread. This is a killer that strives for the ultimate efficiency...” Brother Zhong thoroughly explained.

CloudDragon, who was watching the competition, approved of Brother Zhong’s words. Those abrupt movements, those perfect reactions, though they looked extremely normal, only after trading blows would one know how troublesome it was.

MistyVeil also received the news that Brother Hero had broken the Blade Demoness’s combo record. She made her way over from another area, and played the recordings. Watching those consecutive slashes, draws, sheathes, and steps. 10 perfectly accurate slashes. The more she saw, the higher her eyebrows raised. This was an incredibly offensive player. She continued to watch. She never expected that a new play style would be found for the Giant Blade Warrior. This Fist Hero also had astonishing strength, making it hard not to see him as the number 1 threat. CloudDragon thought differently. The most terrifying thing about this Brother Diamond was his aura. It made one feel like even if a god stood in his way, he would charge and tear apart that god. He suddenly thought of a historical figure - Agis (A King of Sparta) who once said, “The spartans do not ask how many the enemies are but where they are...”

MistyVeil replayed Lin Le’s performance in the dueling phase. His three wins almost looked like luck. “This is an athlete that will be severely underestimated by other clubs. He and the Chrysanthemum Emperor are similar in that they are geniuses who appear stupid. Though they look dumb, but no one who goes against them ends well, because this sort of people basically have no bottom line. There’s even DarkBlade, picking from all over the place, she really created a powerful team...”

“Thorns and Roses… a bit interesting...” Flame Emperor raised his brows, but then he turned and left the lounge.

ThornyRose threw out her sword which pierced through CapableLiu’s chest. When it ran through her, ThornyRose blinked and arrived right in front of her. She pulled her sword out and performed a Divine Cut, cutting her with it. “Destroy the base...”

ThornyRose turned to look at Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Lin Le, who had not the least bit of professional ethics, and were hidden around the spawning point. Broken Halberd knew they had lost. They left the resurrection area, planning to greet the other side. Although they had lost, but they had learned a lot. The moment they let the safety area, Ye Cang’s three unleashed all their skills, once again wiping them out.

The three of them then high-fived.

“Bro, you have so many kills. 12, I only have 7.” Zhang ZhengXiong grinned enviously.

“Lele also has 4, but Lele destroyed 6 towers!” Lin Le excitedly showed his data.

“Not bad. Let’s find another place to hide, incase they try to come out again.” Ye Cang proposed, acting like a grandmaster strategist. The three of them once again went to another hiding place.

“Umm, this sort of conduct is against the rules, right?” Zuo Yiyi shivered.

“It’s not expressly stipulated. It’s considered bad conduct, and basically no one does it...” Brother Zhao said, feeling ashamed on their behalf.

“Now there is...” Brother Zhong couldn’t help smiling.

The spectators began to hurl abuse, laugh, mock, cheer, and all around make a racket. Really New Village’s Three Brothers had already become very popular, of this there was no doubt. The Three Brother’s fan club was established. The count already surpassed 10 million. Zuo Yiyi watched, somewhat stunned. “They’re famous just like that?”

“First of all, these three guys are amusing. Secondly, they have strength. It has been a long time since such interesting athletes appeared in the clubs. You should know, Really New Village’s Three Brothers already have millions of fans in Conviction, let alone after shining so brightly in the club competitions. Though this camping of the spawn point really makes one ashamed.” Brother Zhao smiled.

“Lele, go perform your taunting dance, see if you can drawn them out...” Ye Cang order Lele to go attract them.

Lin Le went up to the entrance to the safety zone, and began to dance. ThornyRose and the girls, who were destroying the base, saw this cute dance. He was slapping his butt, making faces, and making cute cat gestures. Everyone couldn’t help but go ‘awww’. However, for the Broken Halberd members, they really couldn’t bear this humiliation. “I’ll count to 3, everyone charge! Whatever the result, we have to kill these three brothers!”

“1, 2, 3, charge!” Halberd bellowed. Buckwheat, InstantNoodles, and Kate, all charged out, and were quickly slain by various sword slashes, qi strikes, and giant blade bashes. Halberd, who was just at the entrance way quickly retreated. He noticed that CapableLiu and WiseSea were squatting there, not planning to move. Looking at the three who were floating around in ghost mode, he stroked his chin and said apologetically, “I was too impulsive, let’s just wait here for the base to fall.”

“Ah Shibal<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>, Really New Village’s Three brothers’ conduct is really hair-raising… however, I like~~ ”

“Too shameless! How can they do this at someone’s spawn point! It’s simply! Simply! Awesome~~”

“Tsk tsk. You guys, this is immoral conduct, alright? The three brothers should really take note. Next time, they leave the bases towers alive, and directly block up the spawn point, this way they can last even longer.”

“The one above is simply inhuman...”

“The three brother’s truly deserve to be people of our korean federation. You can even tell their koreanness from how they camp the spawn point...”

“Despicable chinese, you actually do something so despicable! You really make others look down on you.”

“Hah, everytime I see these two regions fighting, I can’t help but get mad. But after a long time, I’ve learned that I… have a really bad temper!! !@#!@#$!@!@#you$!@#$!@#$@#!!!!”

“......”

“Brother Hero’s strategy has brought Thorns and Roses’ victory!”

“Last is entertainment mode. Many spectators really love entertainment mode. I myself am one of them.” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Excuse my nonexistent korean knowledge, please correct me if I’m wrong, but it should mean oh shit or something.

