---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 339"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 339: Zuo Yiyi's Request**

Broken Halberd and the others were already outside of the field, glaring at Thorns and Roses’s side. “Do you have no professional ethics!?”

“ThornyRose, he says you guys have no professional ethics. What happened while Lele, A’Xiong and me were fighting the boss?” Ye Cang saw the other side pointing over and turned to asked ThornyRose.

“They’re talking about you three who were camping their spawn point!!” ThornyRose roared. She sighed and looked at Halberd and the others apologetically, “The Three Brother’s are newbies, so they don’t understand a lot of the rules. Don’t bicker with them and let’s continue on to entertainment mode...”

“Who says! Lele knows the rules!” Lin Le jumped out resentfully. He hatefully looked at Halberd and the others. “Lele is mad now...”

“......” Halberd and the others were all speechless. They had even almost apologized, but thinking back, they roared in their hearts. *Clearly the ones who should be mad are us!!*

“Let’s start...” CapableLiu reminded.

“Street Dance battle!?” Halberd looked at the random mode, and turned to his team. “Who can...”

“I’m known around the block as the emperor of Street Dancing...” Kate walked out. Halberd nodded, none of the others knew how, so it could only be Kate.

ThornyRose returned to the lounge and looked at everyone, “Who’s up...” In the end, her sight landed on Ye Cang. Although she would never say it, but she had watched every second of that night’s concert. Ye Cang’s lonely waltz, though she didn’t want to admit it, had moved her to tears. She didn’t know how his street dancing was. Then she turned to look at a strange, vulgar looking man. “Who is this? How did he get into our lounge...”

“Wang, he’s Team Leader’s party’s summoner.” FrozenCloud explained.

ThornyRose didn’t say anything, but this guy’s aura of desperation for women was even thicker than Shaking Bear’s. “Later, give me your character data and all your skills and stuff...”

When confronted with ThornyRose’s queen temperament, OldWangFromNextDoor immediately kowtowed. “Ok!”

“Wait, he’s in my team, why does he need to give his data to you...” Ye Cang asked, confused.

“Do you want to meet beauties...” ThornyRose looked at OldWangFromNextDoor and said.

“Please!” OldWangFromNextDoor said, seeming to lack a spine. Ye Cang sighed. He turned and saw Zhang ZhengXiong also going over. “Sister Rose~~ We’ve discussed it...”

“No rush, it’ll come. After the league, I’ll introduce you!” ThornyRose said, in a bad mood.

“Sister Rose, didn’t you use to hate those men that join to get women...” KittyKat quietly pointed out.

“The current president is already not the one from back then. For a man, she had even abandoned her lover, FrozenBlood. Hah… Oh right, what were you talking about with Lele earlier?” ElegantFragrance sighed, then looked to Lele, who was bouncing around trying to learn street dancing.

“......” KittyKat shivered. She had a bit of trouble connecting the first part and the second part of her words.

“PaleSnow, you go. You’re the best dancer here. As for clothing, there is a lot in Thorns and Roses’ storehouse. You can wear whatever you like.” ThornyRose said.

“Doesn’t matter...” Ye Cang shrugged. Since he was dancing, he had to wear formal clothes. A tuxedo, proper dress pants, and a purple dress shirt.

“You sure he’s going to street dancing and not ballroom, waltz, or something…?” FrozenBlood broke out in cold sweat. She had also seen the dance, and it really left her shocked.

The spectators were in an uproar. Many mocking voices could be heard. “Who wears a tuxedo while street dancing! Are you an idiot!? Hero level idiot!?”

“Shut your mouths! Brother Hero must be wearing it for a reason! Can your dirty mouths not spout any clean words!?”

Along with the start of the music, Ye Cang began to do the robot. His speed was perfect, and his movement made him really look like a robot. Everyone couldn’t help but clap. The people mocking all stopped. As for Kate, she was under a lot of pressure. Such an exquisite dance! The strength, rhythm, speed, they were all godly. As the music became gloomier, following the beat Ye Cang became a broken machine. His powerless limbs and neck made a crack sound. Everyone watched as Ye Cang seemed to have truly broken, his whole body collapsed, falling in a heap. Kate immediately gave up, and just chose to watch. This...

As the rhythm once again picked up, Ye Cang’s weak limbs began to sway, as if his bones were restoring. His left foot stood up. His right foot stood up. His left hand adjusted his shoulder with a crack crack sound. His neck that was bent at a 130 degree angle was straightened. He made a gloomy smile, tipped his hat, and took out a black cane. Taking off his hat, he bowed with a flourish. 

“Ah! So handsome!”

“Indeed, that drop was scalp tingling. I still feel goosebumps...”

“Tuxedo God of the Robot. Haha, interesting...”

“I want him to teach me! Those dancing skills are too OP. Even America’s King of Dance is not as good. Also, since he’s wearing a tuxedo, that means he definitely knows more than just street dancing! Give me the microphone!” Zuo Yiyi stood up, snatching the mic.

“Brother Hero, I’m Zuo Yiyi! Could your honorable self teach me to dance?” Zuo Yiyi asked sincerely.

“Ok… but there’s a tuition fee~” Ye Cang put away his hat and cane, then smiled.

ThornyRose began to scheme. If she could make Zuo Yiyi Thorns and Roses’ spokesperson, the sponsors will come flocking in. They wouldn’t be so hard-pressed for money.

Zuo Yiyi quickly came down and exchanged addresses with Ye Cang and made an appointment. She very cordially said, “Could your honorable self dance a jazz dance for me! For my next concert, I hope your honorable self can give me some pointers.”

Ye Cang’s vain heart was satisfied. Jazz? He recalled many memories, and smiled painfully. “Alright, this is the jazz dance I arranged ‘Love - Part 3 - Faithful to Death’.”

Ye Cang played the dance music he had arranged for her that year. Originally, there were only two parts. The third was one he had completed after he had regained clarity of mind on that rainy day. It was still a two person dance. Ye Cang began to recall those times. His ordinary but cheerful dance steps, twirls, strides, turns. Everyone felt like they were watching a young man dance around a blessed young woman. However, the steps gradually became heavier. He shuddered, slid to his knees, going out of control. The extremely stifling tune, made the dance extremely difficult to bear, as if they were watching a man hold the corpse of his lover on a rainy day, despairing while soaked in blood and rain. The man sorrowfully yet tenderly caressed her, unwilling to let go. In the end, the two were forever separated. Ye Cang’s team had sad expressions as they looked at the dark scene. Finally, Ye Cang plunged into the darkness and the dance ended. There was no happy ending, only a resolute love and faith as he leapt into the dark.

The originally cheerful jazz, was turned depressing by Ye Cang.

“Nooo!!” Countless women were already weeping.

Ye Cang gradually walked out of the darkness, and once again bowed with his hat and cane.

The girls of Thorns and Roses were all weeping. It was too moving. The sad music and sorrowful play combined to create the ultimate dance. The destructive power was too great, even ElegantFragrance and FrozenBlood - these black bellied women - couldn’t help but turn and secretly wipe their tears. Lin Le was also broken-hearted. Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian’s crying was even more unsightly.

“Bro. For sister and me to meet you in this lifetime, I...” Zhang ZhengXiong was unable to continue. Little Ye Tian hugged him. “I know...”

“After sister died, how much he suffered for me, he even threw his life away. Everything was for me. He’s clearly the same age as me, yet he took care of me like a father and brother. Even though I owe him so much, I couldn’t even help him and sister… I’m useless...” Zhang ZhengXiong held Little Ye Tian’s hand, his voice was but a murmur. 

Little Ye Tian leaned on Zhang ZhengXiong’s shoulder, “Brother A’Xiong, father is proud to have a little brother like you. I also think of you as my real brother. We’re a family...” 

“That’s right, we’re a family...” Lin Le also jumped into Zhang ZhengXiong’s embrace.

FrozenCloud stood at the side, silently holding onto Zhang ZhengXiong’s other hand. She looked down at Zhang ZhengXiong, who was crying like a little girl. Her heart was deeply moved. The strong, berserk outward appearance, but such a pure heart. *I… I… might really have fallen for this dumb bear.*

“Lil’Dino, although I did lose control for a bit, but… Hah… if only your face wasn’t as rugged as a mountain path...” Zhang ZhengXiong wiped his nose and said sincerely.

“Lil’Dino, although you and I are (handcart) sisters, I must disapprove of you being with A’Xiong. You’ll ruin A’Xiong’s dream of having a normal, human shaped child. Beauties or handsome girls are fine, but normal is the bottom line...” Little Ye Tian also said seriously.

“Lil’Dino is good, just a little… Although I want to retort Little Tian, but Lele doesn’t know what to say. It’s all your fault Lil’Dino! Who told you to be so ugly! Because of you, Lele has nothing to retort with! Hateful!” Lin Le went from defending to complaining in an instant. He looked at Little Ye Tian’s proud expression, and looked even more hatefully at FrozenCloud.

“......” The emotional FrozenCloud now just wanted to kill them one by one.

Zuo Yiyi bowed deeply, expressing her reverence. He was a true King of Dance! Even she couldn’t help but cry. The commenter Brother Zhao used his nightcap to wipe his snot and tears. Brother Zhong used his crazy gold hair to covered his face, blocking his crying expression.

“We’ve completely lost...” The Broken Halberd members all took a deep breath.

Ye Cang faintly smiled, raising Zuo Yiyi’s chin with his cane. “Raise your head. Remember my first rule if you’re going to learn from me. When dancing, one must wear formal attire...”

“I got it...” Zuo Yiyi hesitated, then made an indescribable smile.
