---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 340"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Raphael Ramirez"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 340: Two Consecutive Victories**

Suddenly, Ye Cang became the most popular player in the opening round. Many clubs noted him down as a formidable opponent for any dance related entertainment mode games.

“Looks like Thorns and Roses will have a Heavenly King level player soon...” MistyVeil smiled. Regarding her meeting with Ye Cang at the night market, it seemed he really hadn’t recognized her.

Without a doubt, after Ye Cang’s entertainment mode finished, Thorns and Roses swept the tables clean with a 12 point victory.

Ye Cang sat in the lounge, leaning on his cane. Wang looked at him with a thirsty expression. “Don’t even bother, you don’t have the talent. Even if you did, I wouldn’t teach you just so you can use it for these small-minded things...”

“In the future, entertainment mode dances will be left to PaleSnow. The second round is decided - Auran. Their strength is a little higher than Broken Halberd...” Hearing ThornyRose’s words, Ye Cang merely shrugged.

“Thorns and Roses’ next opponent is Auran. With the Three Brothers’ strength, as long as they don’t suffer too big a setback, it’s pretty much a guarantee that this division’s finals will be them against Falling Star.” Brother Zhao said, looking to the Auran athletes.

“Earlier, the play that teacher Cang performed was called ‘Love - Part 3 - Faithful to Death’, which means that there are two parts before it. I really want to see those two.” Zuo Yiyi’s words had completely diverged from the subject.

“I’m also a bit curious, but right now let’s look at the 2nd round of competition.” Brother Zhong nodded.

“This round, let me be the vanguard.” Zhang ZhengXiong said, jumping onto the ring. ThornyRose and the others had no objections. With regards to PVP, Shaking Bear’s strength was extraordinary.

“On ThornyRose’s side, the vanguard is the Fist Hero - HeavenShakingMight. On Auran’s side is their president - BitingCold. His character is the S rank grappler - Fist of the North Star. BitingCold is 5th amongst the professional grapplers, and is a very outstanding athlete. His commanding and his battle ability are all very excellent...” Brother Zhao said as he watched.

“Indeed, BitingCold is an expert at Jeet Kune Do, and is famous for his counter-attacking. From what we saw before, HeavenShakingMight’s Fist Hero is more of a qi master, while his grappling ability is a level below that of the Fist of the North Star’s, however his overall killing and defensive ability are all above the Fist of the North Star’s.” Brother Zhong filled in.

“Grappler vs Grappler, this is one of the matchups that the spectators love the most.” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

“It’s begun...” Brother Zhao raised his brows.

Zhang ZhengXiong gathered his qi and charged with a roar. BitingCold didn’t dare be careless. The opponent in front of him was in no way easy to handle. He prepared to parry, and looked at the fist wreathed in elemental qi that was coming at him. He suddenly stepped forwards, deflecting with one hand while his left palm struck at the opponent’s chin. 

Zhang ZhengXiong sneered. His hand changed and he channeled more qi. Ice Rend! He then raised his chin and felt the wind from the palm brush past his beard.

BitingCold was surprised. What kind of reaction speed was that!? He felt like he was facing CloudDragon. He pushed his shoulder forwards, meeting the handful of qi, then rotated, letting it brush past him, while taking advantage of the spin to perform an Iron Tackle<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>.

“Every time I see it, I feel out of sorts. HeavenShakingMight gives others a ferocious and berserk impression, but in a fight, his movements are actually free and unrestrained. They even look exquisite. He gives himself a lot of leeway to perform many different actions, which fits with his keen perception and rapid reaction speed.” Brother Zhong exclaimed.

Zhang ZhengXiong’s other hand was near his chest. He pushed against the shoulder that was performing the Iron Tackle. He pulled his right hand back. His right hand used the backwards lean to grab at his opponent’s shoulder.

“Such an amazing reaction. He can even move back with the force while also using the inertia to complete a grab!” Brother Zhao couldn’t help clapping in praise.

BitingCold wanted to throw him off, but his forward moment from iron tackle, and Zhang ZhengXiong’s backwards motion seem to keep them at an equal distance. Zhang ZhengXiong then used the his back leg to prop himself up, while his other leg took a step. He performed an 180 degree turn, using BitingCold’s force to throw him to the ground. In that moment, the hand pressing BitingCold to the ground glowed with qi. Ultimate! Qi Blast - Elemental Chaos!

Bitingcold also activated his ultimate - Swap! The two of the switched positions. Zhang ZhengXiong became the one being pressed to the ground, the ultimate in his hand exploding into empty air, but still spread and knocked BitingCold flying back. BitingCold performed a flip in midair, and landed.

Zhang ZhengXiong also propped himself up with a hand. He clenched his fist. *What kind of skills was that? As expected, grappling in the game is more interesting than in reality. So many special skills.* He activated his qi, and blasted out qi bullets. 

BitingCold ran along the edge of the stage, dodging them. He had lost in the earlier exchange. If not for his ability, Swap, he would have died, and at his own specialty countering no less. He ran sideways, dodging another qi bullet, then in a flash, he appeared right in front of Zhang ZhengXiong with a sword finger - Piercing Finger!

Zhang ZhengXiong grinned. He chopped, knocking the strike askew, then grabbed at the wrist. His other hand reached for the underarm. 

BitingCold sighed. Twisting his wrist, his body flipped forwards 360 degrees, and he performed an axe kick full of deadly strength..

When Zhang ZhengXiong realised he had failed to grab the underarm, he raised his arm and with a great amount of qi, blocked the fierce flipping axe kick. His defensive qi was broken through, and he felt a pain in his arm, but he sneered. His palm took advantage of this time to grab the ankle, and held BitingCold upside down in the air facing away from him. BitingCold knew this wasn’t good. Both his right hand and left ankle had been grabbed!

Zhang ZhengXiong fiercely pulled BitingCold towards himself. His qi powered knee strike smashing onto BitingCold’s lower back, inflicting temporary paralysis. He freed his two hands and, like a giant bear, he grabbed BitingCold’s head. All his qi entering his two palms, and he twisted the neck. Crack! It was snapped on the spot. He then easily tossed the body away.

“Thorns and Roses - HeavenShakingMight! Victory!”

“The Fist of the North Star vs The Fist Hero, and he actually lost at his specialty, grappling and countering. It’s a pity we didn’t get to see the Big Dipper Fist vs the Sky Shaking Qi Cannon...” Zuo Yiyi said with a sigh.

“There’s a disparity between their strengths. In hand to hand combat, HeavenShakingMight’s godly reflexes, destructive might, defensive might, and countering ability all have no weaknesses. The only thing he lacks is experience. Earlier, when he had BitingCold pressed down, he was clearly amazed when the swap happened...” Brother Zhao replied.

“But, he was still able to react in a split second. He is a very adaptable, instinctive type grappler, so experience isn’t a major problem for him. As for the large scale ultimate mentioned by Yiyi, in an arena, both sides will be suppressing the other, especially since both characters this time have ultimates that require a long charge time, so there is basically no chance to use it.” Brother Zhong shook his head.

BitingCold had been killed, which was a big blow on the enemy’s morale. In the later group battle and hero battle, they suffered a crushing defeat. Entertainment mode was Bejeweled, with KittyKat getting the win. Once again, they won with full points, giving a perfect end to the opening day.

MistyVeil watched from beginning to end, then summed up her analysis.

ID: PaleSnow

Evaluation: S

Melee: S

Ranged: unknown

Magic: unknown

Unarmed: unknown (at least A)

Strategic Awareness: unknown

Commanding Ability: B

Popularity: S

Entertainment Mode Specialties: Dance - SSS, others unknown.

Best Character: Blade Demoness - S Rank

Second Best Character: Storm Fencer - A Rank

Category Evaluation: High Speed Killer

ID: HeavenShakingMight

Evaluation: S

Melee: S

Ranged: unknown

Magic: unknown

Unarmed: S

Strategic Awareness: unknown

Commanding Ability: B

Popularity: B

Entertainment Mode Specialties: unknown

Best Character: Fist Hero - S Rank

Second Best Character: Street Fighter - A Rank

Category Evaluation: Melee and Short-Range Expert

ID: HappyAndCheerful

Evaluation: S

Melee: A+

Ranged: unknown

Magic: unknown

Unarmed: unknown

Strategic Awareness: unknown

Commanding Ability: D

Popularity: C

Entertainment Mode Specialties: unknown

Best Character: Giant Blade Warrior - S Rank

Second Best Character: Bomber - A Rank

Category Evaluation: Win By Surprise

MistyVeil’s data on the three wasn’t complete. She even filed Little Ye Tian and SpyingBlade in with them, but the two hadn’t gone on stage yet, so the analysis was still pending. Finally, she altered the evaluation of Thorns and Roses. “This is a team that we need to take utmost care against.”

While working, MistyVeil looked at FlameEmperor’s data. This was the biggest problem. The super final boss at the end of the league. Ever since the start of her career, she has always been crushed by him. CloudDragon’s win was also mostly a fluke.

ID: Flame Emperor

Evaluation: SSS

Melee: SSS

Ranged: SS

Magic: SSS

Unarmed: SS

Strategic Awareness: A

Commanding Ability: S

Popularity: SSS

Entertainment Mode Specialities: Any Sports - SSS, the rest unknown

Best Character: Broken Edge War God - SS Rank

Second Best Character: Red Lotus Conqueror (FlameDynast’s Honorary Character) - SS Rank

CategoryType: Omnipotent

In the lounge, Wang made tea for everyone and fawned over all the beauties, making ThornyRose sigh. Well, it was fine, just one more odd jobs worker. She looked at the spot where Ye Cang had disappeared. What had happened for him to be able to dance like that? What made him jump into that endless darkness?

“Sister Rose, Team Leader has set off a dancing craze. My older cousin’s dance class is now bustling with new members. Even the lessons in the virtual world are overcrowded.” The plain Little Jade said, looking at the latest trends.

“Even now, I can’t believe the one who was dancing was team leader...” FrozenBlood sighed.

ThornyRose also sighed, feeling the same way.

...

Seaside Cottage.

Wu Na was also moved by the dance and cried herself into a complete mess. Not long after, she had borrowed the experience, and produced a new song: ‘Dark Love’. It sounded like a thousand years of sadness and emptiness. Even she herself started to cry after hearing it. Immediately, her mood was better. *Next time! I’ll definitely make Falling Sand famous! Fulfill my dream! Nana! You can do it! Right, if that was part 3, then isn’t there still 2 parts? I must get ahold of them!* She charged to the market to buy a bunch of ingredients, and made a bunch of things that Ye Cang liked to eat.

“Wow, Nana, today’s is so luxurious! These are Lele’s favorite ribs...” Lin Le reached out to grab it but was swatted away by Wu Na. “This is for Brother Lil’White!”

Zhang ZhengXiong felt hairs stand on end at Wu Na’s strange behaviour, especially hearing her call out Brother Lil’White. Lin Le pouted and began to whine. “I want it, I want it...”

Wu Na gave Lin Le one piece, then served the calmly eating Ye Cang a piece. “Brother Lil’White, congratulations on your total victory, also… I have something to consult with you...”

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Shoulder lean, followed by explosive force.
