---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 341"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 341: Learn and Train**

“Those first two parts, let me see them...” Wu Na said coquettishly.

Ye Cang thought for a bit, then calmly nodded, “Don’t wanna...”

Wu Na saw him nod and felt relieved, but after hearing his two words she immediately grabbed him, “Yes or no!”

“Hah, I really can’t say no to you. Actually, there is no first two parts, there is only part three...” Ye Cang shrugged.

“Liar, you’re lying.” Wu Na accused.

“There is only a part 3, part 1 and 2 are gone...” Ye Cang smiled bitterly.

“Really...” Wu Na released him and looked at him doubtfully.

“I’m really not lying to you...” Ye Cang sighed.

Wu Na, somewhat resentful, took the ribs back and ate it herself.

“......” Ye Cang watched as the ribs in his bowl left him just like that.

“Team Leader, the division’s next battle is the day after tomorrow. What should we do during this time?” FrozenCloud asked.

“Let’s rest.” Ye Cang said, having no intention to do any preparation.

That night, half-moon lake.

Zuo Yiyi, according to their arrangements, arrived at the lake. In the distance, she saw a tiger masked guy ravaging a female university student. Those miserable screams, sounded like she was calling for help. She then looked to the strange man with a heavenly fox mask, a tuxedo, and a top hat. Feeling a bit afraid, she asked, “Teacher Cang?”

Ye Cang nodded. “Jazz dancing is about one word, freedom. You’re an actress so should be able to express emotions, but… how to put those emotions into dance, that is the most crucial part. Your foundation is not bad, try following after me...”

Ye Cang said, then leapt onto half-moon lake. The bright moon cast his shadow onto the lake’s surface. Under his feet, the water faintly rippled. He looked mysterious as he stood there on the moon’s reflection.

Zuo Yiyi thought for a bit, then reached down intending to take off her high heels. If she was barefoot, it would be possible, but wearing high heels, it would be hard to stand on water for very long. Not only would her qi be unevenly distributed, it was hard for the 10cm heel to balance on the lake. 

“Can’t take it off. Directly come over. I’ve said before, if you want to learn to dance from me, the first rule is you must wear formal attire...” Ye Cang indifferently said.

Zuo Yiyi hesitated, but still jumped over with him. Her qi circulated, and she tried her best to stand on the front part of her high heels. After not even 2 seconds, the heel poked through the water, then with a splash, she fell in. She was a mess, like a wet chicken. She had to tread water to stay afloat, disturbing the water’s surface. Looking to the gentleman standing on the reflection of the moon, she thought, *that should be Ye Cang right? White hair, the one that danced that lonely waltz.* “You’re White Asura right?”

Ye Cang didn’t answer, only calmly saying, “Here, I am just Fox Mask, your teacher. As for the rest, don’t ask about it, don’t think about it, got it? This is the second...”

Zuo Lili jumped and leapt out of the water, trying to stand on the lake again; however, she once again fell into the water. Ye Cang sighed. He pulled her out of the water and put his two hands on her shoulders to hold her steady. He supported the both of them, yet didn’t sink down at all. “Try taking a step. Don’t think about your heel piercing the water, actually barefoot and high heels are the same, you just have to use your qi differently. Put a bit more qi in the heel and a bit less in the front, not the other way around. When we dance, if the heel is unbalanced, you’ll fall into the water. Also, for a woman’s dance, being able to use the heel as compared to only stepping on the front are of completely different calibers. The movements you can do will be vastly different. You must take into consideration both the back and front. One more thing, it’s not just using more qi, but it must be steady. On the ground, it might be alright to use more qi to increase your movement speed, but on the lake, a bit more or less is not good.”

Zuo Yiyi controlled her breathing, then tried under Ye Cang’s guidance. 5 seconds. 10 seconds. Gradually she could, with difficulty, stand motionless on the lake’s surface, but she didn’t dare to move. 

Ye Cang faintly smiled, then pulled her hand. “The more you worry about what’s under your feet, and the more you try to control your breathing, the more you will fall into the water. Relax your mind. Imagine yourself on a soft and frail carpet...”

Ye Cang led Zuo Yiyi, guiding her a step at a time, back to the shore. “Very good. Let’s end here for today, practice when you go back, especially your control over your strength. Dance can be both a forceful and wild, but also delicate and soft. Take your time. First, get used to standing on the lake. When you master that, a stage won’t be hard...”

Zuo Yiyi felt like she had learned a lot, especially in controlling her dance steps. She bowed sincerely. “Thank you Teacher Fox Mask for your guidance. After mastering the lake, is there more?”

“Mm, on a mountain of blades, then a sea of flames, and finally treading on clouds...” Ye Cang said half jokingly. Zuo Yiyi couldn’t help becoming even more respectful. Originally, she thought that dance was something she just had to practice a bit, but now she felt that if she wanted to dance well, the price and effort she would have to pay would not be small. Even the danger was high. Just imagine dancing in a sea of fire, or mountain of blades, or high in the sky. It made her shiver. To be able to dance on clouds… this dance would perhaps take a lifetime of effort. “Teacher, which stage are you at?”

“Sea of fire probably.” Ye Cang earnestly spoke rubbish.

“Please let your disciple see it once...” Zuo Yiyi was drenched and had her undergarments faintly visible under the moonlight. At this time, Zhang ZhengXiong’s fist sent Zhao XiangYu flying. He then looked over. *That hazy sex-appeal. Not good, it’s going to...! Goddess Yiyi!* Zhao XiangYu thought this was a chance. She quickly got up and thrust with her training sword. Zhang ZhengXiong didn’t even look at it, yet knocked it aside. Then a palm struck her face, once again sending her flying. “Use more strength! Your master has already trained you for a while, yet you can’t even receive one of my attacks!? You’re embarrassing your master and myself! Can you put in more effort!? Can you!? ”

Tears began forming in Zhao XiangYu’s eyes; but she clenched her teeth, crawled up, and continued to launch attacks. Every single time, she was still sent flying by a single one of Zhang ZhengXiong’s moves, and was taunted again.

Ye Cang hesitated. It was all a lie. Sea of flames, mountains of blades and whatnot. However, it was something possible for him. He went to get a bucket of oil, then set a spacious spot on fire. The sea of flames took shape. He leapt onto it, standing on the billowing heat. Compared to on water, standing in the flowing heat was not just a little bit harder. Water, good or bad, was still a substance, but heat was simply energy and air that circulated upwards.

Zuo Yiyi was on the verge of getting down and worshipping him. If it was someone with a fire type super power, or trained with fire energies, then standing in these flames wouldn’t be a big deal, but to use only technique to stand so gracefully in this flowing heat, how terrifying would one’s control have to be to accomplish that. With this kind of control, what kind of dance could he not do perfectly!? And that indifference on top of it all.

Zuo Yiyi watched Ye Cang improvise a dance in the flames. He was like a moth, obsessed with the fire, but this moth was so graceful and wasn’t burned. Following the dance, not a bit of his clothes had been harmed by the flames. Not a bit of it out of place when he finished. It seemed like she had apprenticed herself to a super awesome god level dancer. Surface of Water, Mountain of Blades, Sea of Flames, Treading on Clouds. She commit it to memory.

Zhao XiangYu’s consciousness was gradually fading away. Her body had been pushed to the limit, and she fell limply to the shore. Zhang ZhengXiong smiled. Ye Cang and Zuo Yiyi were coming over.

Zhao Xiangyu looked and saw Zuo Yiyi in a long dress that had become transparent after getting wet, making her undergarments faintly visible. Her heart jumped. That was Zuo Yiyi! With the last of her consciousness, she took out a blank paper, “Zuo Yiyi, I really like your work. Please… sign...”

Zhao XiangYu’s neck bent and she lost consciousness.

“She is?” Zuo Yiyi was already puzzled from before. This tiger masked man was clearly HeavenShakingMight. Then this girl was?

“Your junior apprentice sister. I’m teaching her...” Ye Cang smiled. Zhang ZhengXiong raised his head and thought of something. She had clearly come later, so shouldn’t XiangYu be the senior sister? But thinking it over, it didn’t seem proper. 

“She’s learning too?” Zuo Yiyi froze. *Th-This… Do I have to be beat up so badly too? This seems to have nothing to do with dancing. Could it have some other meaning.*

“Learning martial arts...” Ye Cang smiled.

Zuo Yiyi sighed in relief. *So it’s martial arts. As expected, a strict teacher produces good students. I’ve never seen a disciple being beaten so badly, even a beauty at that. Good thing I’m learning dance.* “The day after tomorrow is your division's second battle, then how about a lesson that night?”

“Alright...” Ye Cang thought a bit and nodded. Conveniently, that would be the day he taught Zhao XiangYu a method to erupt with strength.

“Teacher, is there somewhere for me to change clothes? I can’t return to the hotel like this...” Zuo Yiyi had come alone, and hadn’t allowed any bodyguards to follow. It was all to show her good faith to her master. Later on, she would be busy for a time and would be constantly rushing about. It would be better to live with her teacher and learn properly while she could. For her next performance, she wanted to show skill truly worthy of being called the best.

“A’Xiong, you bring her home. I’ll send Zhao XiangYu back...” Ye Cang picked up Zhao XiangYu and disappeared beyond the trees.

Zhang ZhengXiong excitedly brought Zuo Yiyi back to the seaside cottage.

Wu Na had tried many times to deduce the first and second parts, but there weren’t any good results. She was on the balcony and saw Zhang ZhengXiong together with an extremely beautiful woman. Beside her, FrozenCloud suddenly stood up! Her expression was like she was looking at a heartless rat. She immediately shouted, “It’s Zuo Yiyi!”

Zhao XiangYu’s apartment.

Ye Cang quietly helped her heal the bruises on her body while he watched that unforgettable face and listened to her light breathing. He reached out a hand to caress her cheek for a moment, and smiled tenderly. “QinXue...”

Soon after, Ye Cang snapped out of his thoughts. His expression became lonely and down-hearted. “Why did you have to kill yourself, not even giving me any hope to save you. My DNA could have saved you! Why, why did I awaken so late. Why did it take me so long to understand my body. Why...”

Ye Cang took a deep breath. He turned and saw the bulge of her wallet on her butt. He blinked, looking at his tuition money, then reached in to take it. Looking through it, there was only 5000 federal dollars. *Hah, better than nothing. He left a piece of paper behind, then leapt off the balcony and disappeared.*
