---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 343"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 343: Fang Ci’s Mission

Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, and the others all set up their outdoor sofas. Zuo Yiyi felt like she was camping in a big tent, except they were on a boat. Accepting the blanket that FrozenCloud passed her, she laid back on the sofa and watched the stars with everybody. It was extremely peaceful and comfortable.

FrozenCloud sat on her own sofa, and covered her legs with her blanket. She saw Zhang ZhangXiong coming over holding a bunch of drinks: whiskey, tequila, beer, he had it all. He even brought a bucket of ice. “Anyone want to drink? I feel like this is a good is a good time...” 

“Whiskey on the rocks...” Zuo Yiyi requested with a polite nod.

Zhang ZhengXiong quickly poured her a cup and added a few pieces of ice. Then he handed it over as if pandering to her.

“Thank you, martial uncle Xiong~” Zuo Yiyi said with a lovely smile. Zhang ZhengXiong rubbed his head, embarrassed.

“Tequila...” FrozenCloud also requested.

“Get it yourself!” Zhang ZhengXiong said without a care.

“You!!” FrozenCloud pouted angrily as she grabbed the bottle of tequila and poured herself a cup. *Are dinosaur not people!? I’m not even a dinosaur!*

Lin Le took out a lemon, and squeezed a bit into Zuo Yiyi’s whiskey, then poured in a bit of clear syrup. Then he covered it and shook it a bit. “It tastes better this way. Here!”

Zuo Yiyi doubtfully drank a sip. It was sour and sweet, with just the right amount of alcohol. The proportions could be said to be perfect! This ordinary whiskey, after his adjustments, now had such a pleasant flavor. “Are you a bartender?”

“No. I also don’t know, I just thought it would taste better like that. Also, you should call me Martial Uncle Lele...” Lin Le shrugged. He then mixed whiskey, tequila, and a few other alcohols. He quickly finished and poured it into his sippy cup. He sipped through the straw and began to watch the stars.

“Lele, mix one for me too.” FrozenCloud smiled.

“Do it yourself!” Lin Le said unenthusiastically.

“......” FrozenCloud felt like she had nearly crushed her glass in her hand.

“Speaking of alcohol, the best should be Madam Lin’s wine. They only produce 300 bottle every year, something near impossible to get. I have two bottles. In two days, I’ll have some people bring it over for everyone to try.” Zuo Yiyi smiled.

“I’ve also heard that it was one of the industries that the Chrysanthemum Emperor left behind. Although it has died down, it’s still one of the world’s best wineries.” FrozenCloud nodded. Her own father had collected a few bottles that he couldn’t bear to drink, so they had continued increasing in value.

“Bro, what would you like to drink?” Zhang ZhengXiong looked to Ye Cang who was the last one to shower and was drying his hair.

“Beer...” Ye Cang said indifferently, catching the can of cheap beer that Zhang ZhengXiong tossed him. He opened the can and took a gulp. Sitting on his own sofa, he enjoyed the illusion of sailing through stars.

Zuo Yiyi looked at the brand of cheap beer that Ye Cang’s was drinking. Ailemei had once faced bankruptcy, but there was someone supporting them while asking for nothing in return, allowing them to stay in operation. Now, though declined, they were able to preserve their profits, essentially rising from the dead. They were tougher than cockroaches. Their cheap beer had become loved by those in the lowest rungs of society. Why was someone as elegant as Ye Cang drinking such a cheap beer? Zuo Yiyi couldn’t make sense of it. Any other brand she could accept, but Ailemei was something only those in the slums drank. She saw that Zhang ZhengXiong had also opened a can to drink. She doubtfully took a can, drank a sip, and felt her tongue being violated. It not only contained many impurities, but drinking something so low class in such a beautiful place really spoiled the fun.

“Not use to it, huh...” Ye Cang smiled indifferently.

Zuo Yiyi nodded.

Ye Cang just laughed. He took the can that Zuo Yiyi had only drank a sip of, and continued drinking.

“Me and bro, ever since young, have been drinking this. It was something big sister bought. Bro, I remember at that time, we secretly drank many cans...” Zhang ZhengXiong smiled.

“5 cans. Your sister was furious, but they were already all open, so it would be a waste not to drink them.” Ye Cang nodded with a smile.

“Father...” Little Ye Tian looked concerned.

“It’s fine. I just don’t know what to drink, and I really like this flavour.” Ye Cang hugged Little Ye Tian, who was beside him, and pet her head as she was in his embrace.

Zuo Yiyi suddenly realised she had spoke badly. Recalling that dance, she grabbed another can and drank a big gulp. The impurities and the tongue stinging flavor were hard to accept, but once she swallowed it, she discovered a sweet aftertaste.

“Let’s play Monopoly!” Lin Le said, taking out the game.

“Alright...” Ye Cang said, picking a character

Everyone chose their characters and the competition became especially intense. Even Zuo Yiyi had gotten carried away by the mood and ended up flushed with anger.

...

Virtual World, 10 Commandments meeting.

“Recently, Silver Devil’s side has been strangely diligent...” A woman mocked from the 2 position.

Fang Ci remained silent. He hadn’t reached their level yet, so the more he said, the more mistakes he would make. He had to understand this organization as quickly as possible. It seemed that the 7 position was something all the other bosses feared, otherwise, they wouldn’t care so much. Thinking it over, a 100% completion extermination expert, the only other one was was boss Cold Moon. He had learned that her age didn’t differ much from his own, possibly even a little younger, but with that extremely cold aura, beside 2 and big boss 1, as well as the ones introduced to her by team leader: Ardent Wind and Hunting Flame, the rest feared her.

“You don’t need to be so guarded? Ardent Wind and Hunting Flame are on our side. Although Ardent Wind is directly ordered by the boss, she wouldn’t do anything to let down leader unless it is a final resort. Hunting Flame too, because Hunting Flame is like me. We were both members of 7, people personally cultivated by leader. Hunting Flame likes to keep a low profile, but don’t provoke him. When he’s angry, even I can only barely suppress him.” Cold Moon explained from his side.

“2 is?” Although Fang Ci was very curious about 1’s identity, but he tactfully chose not to ask, because he wasn’t yet entitled to know.

“Thousand Spirits. The traitor of the Ma family who have been exorcists for a thousand years. In order to split off from the family, she had worked with the branch head, Ma HaiLong, and slayed the previous head of the Ma family clan. Then together with Ma HaiLong, they established Soul Guiders. They reason she joined the 10 Commandments is to seek asylum. Thousand Spirits is the spokesperson. Behind her, the true boss is the boss of Soul Guiders - Ma HaiLong...” Cold Moon replied.

“The Dragon Group has discovered something new. For our new collaboration, Cold Moon, go notify Silver Devil and have him facilitate...” 1 said and then disappeared from the meeting.

“The new collaboration is?” Fang Ci expressed his confusion.

“Gene research on the mutants. Although Salvation is our target for eradication, but their research on mutation and genes is cutting edge of science, and also the most insane. Every federation, after exterminating them, will secretly research their work.” Cold Moon spoke to clear up his confusion. “Since leader wants to retire, this matter will be left to you. If you can’t even do this, then you’re a shame on the number 7. You won’t want to know the consequences of that...” Cold Moon said, then left. 

Fang Ci laughed bitterly. *Team Leader, why are the people you know all so terrifying. This so called best teammate feels like someone who would kill me at any time.* He sighed. Although Cold Moon was terrifying, but her respect for Team Leader was sincere. Whenever something involving him happened, Cold Moon would always be the first to step up, but what she cared about was only Team Leader. He was a successor that could only succeed, and not fail. He once again sighed deeply. The pressure was big, but it felt meaningful... 

As he was about to leave, the person from 3 came over. It was Hunting Flame.

“Good luck. If you need help, you can ask me or Cold Moon. You don’t have to mind. She’s actually more gentle than anybody. Of course, that is only if you don’t provoke leader...” Hunting Flame faintly smiled, and then left. 

Fang Ci looked in the direction Hunting Flame had left in. *Hunting Flame, boss of 3. Specialties are investigation and assassination...*

“He’s mainly in charge of assassination. The investigation part of it is mostly me...” A mature woman’s voice came from the side. Fang Ci suddenly turned his head, and saw a big sister type beauty. *9! Ardent Wind!*

“If you need information, you should come to me. I owe that guy too many favors. Do your best, and don’t disappoint him. You should know that Cold Moon’s blade doesn’t care about reasons...” Ardent Wind said, scaring him a bit.

“I know...” Fang Ci broke out in cold sweat, but was puzzled at the same time. What exactly was the relationship between Cold Moon and Team Leader? “Leader Cold Moon and Team Leader...”

“Cold Moon and you are the same, survivors of Zhentan city. I was with him that day. Silver Devil saved her after she had awakened while protecting the bodies of her loved ones. However, because of the awakening, Cold Moon lost most of her expressions and emotions. From then on, she has always followed Silver Devil. She learned how to kill from him, and became the current ruthless Cold Moon. I feel like to Cold Moon, Silver Devil is the only one she cares about. Besides him, the life or death of anyone else doesn’t matter to her.” Ardent Wind simply recounted the things she knew for him.

Fang Ci now understood what Ye Cang had meant when he mentioned survivor of Zhentan. Cold Moon was also a survivor of that incident, but where he had chosen to run, she had stood her ground and fought. He could run, only because he still had a little sister, whereas she had no reason to flee. She could only fight to protect her family’s corpses.

Fang Ci signed out of the virtual world. He looked at his little sister’s serene sleeping face, and recalled his experience in the ‘game’. Team leader really wasn’t someone simple. When one needed it most, he was there to fulfill their wish… Could you call that sly? If so, then it was a slyness that made others not want to abandon him...

Late night, sea side, on the ship’s deck.

Ye Cang had his arms crossed and watched Zuo Yiyi, who could now do some simple movements while wearing high heels on the water. He smiled and looked up at the stars. The moon was currently shapes like a curved blade. Cold Moon- no... Shen MengRu, I will personally put an end to your hatred. This is something I have to do. I still hope to see your happy expression as you live a good life.
