---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 344"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 344: Blade Demoness**

Division matches, at the arena.

“I say, can you guys join us for training if you’re free. We need to work on our teamwork...” ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang and the others, who were late, and sighed.

“It’s fine, we already have a tacit understanding, as if we could speak telepathically!” Ye Cang replied like so.

ThornyRose covered her forehead. They already rarely communicated. “Our opponents this round is Hundred Flowers. If nothing unexpected happens, after we defeat them, then we will be up against our biggest competitors in this division - Falling Star.”

“I’ll be taking a rest for the Hundred Flowers round. Let me fight against Falling Star...” SpyingBlade faintly said, stretching his fingers. It was time to sever their final connection.

“I know...” ThornyRose more or less knew of his falling out with Falling Star.

“I’ll be taking a rest for the Hundred Flowers round. If you save me as a trump card, it will increase my mysterious appeal...” Ye Cang stroked his chin and said.

“Get lost!” ThornyRose unhappily replied, then made him go up first in the duels.

Ye Cang sighed, then switched to the Blade Demoness character and slowly walked up to the stage. His two hands rested on his swords, and the clink clink sound began.

Hundred Flowers’ leader was a beauty that was pretty famous in the virtual world - FieldLily. The character she controlled was Lightning Dual-Swords. Like Ye Cang’s Blade Demoness, it was a speed type swordsman character.

“FieldLily, that noisy woman, is strong...” FrozenBlood had fought against her many times, so knew that FieldLily’s strength was in line with herself and ThornyRose. She didn’t know how Team Leader intended to deal with a speed type swordsman like himself.

“Thorns and Roses’ opponent here on the second day is Hundred Flowers. They are both female dominant guilds. Hundred Flowers was a guild at about the same level as Thorns and Roses last season. Along with Beauties at the Crossfire, they are jointly called, Thorny Flower Beauties. There was even a period of time during an evening party where the three leaders had played together. That time was quite interesting, especially with ThornyRose and BornFlirty scheming against each other and FieldLily helping both sides...” Brother Zhao smiled.

“I also watched that. Have you noticed? Today, this division has tens of times more spectators than last time...” Zuo Yiyi pointed out.

“With the three brothers being super dark horses, Thorns and Roses’ original evaluation of B+ is now being considered by many as a pseudo S rank. The reason they aren’t actually S is because not much teamwork has been shown as of yet outside of the three of them.” Brother Zhong saw that the two on stage were about to begin. “It’s starting.”

FieldLily flung her long ponytail. A long long ponytail that reached all the way to the ground. Like Ye Cang, she had two swords at her waist. She wore cyan green armor, with a purple robe underneath. Her refined egg shaped face nodded to him with a smile, “Hello...” 

“Hello...” Ye Cang replied with an indifferent smile and a nod.

“You can have the first...” FieldLily didn’t even get to finish. Ye Cang was already charging towards her with a Blade Edge Sprint. The blade he drew reached her in a flash. FieldLily was alarmed. She swung her sword as fast as lightning, and desperately blocked this sneak attack.

“Despicable! Bastard! You dare sneak attack our Goddess Lily!!”

“On a battlefield, who cares if you’re a man or woman! Victory is the way of the king! Brother Hero, I support you!!”

“Let’s first set aside whether or not that was a sneak attack. The attack’s speed has to be acknowledged. Moreover, the Blade Demoness is a hybrid between assassin and swordsman. As an assassin, why would you not sneak attack when you can? What kind of assassin would that be?”

FieldLily still hadn’t recovered from being startled. Perhaps not even 0.1 seconds after his sneak attack, Ye Cang drew a second blade and swung with both. Combo start! FieldLily was once again, forced to frantically block. She was extremely angry in her heart that he would so inelegantly sneak attack her! Now that they were exchanging moves, she could truly tell how fast he was! She activated her ultimate - Lightning Sword! Her two swords flashed like lightning, clashing against Ye Cang’s two swords with a storm of ringing metal.

1 slash! 2 slashes! Ye Cang began to truly begin his combo. His long saber slashed! He drew his short blades! Then his straight blades were drawn. They entered and exited his sheats with clink clink sounds. The sound of their weapons colliding was all that could be heard. The spectators only saw the two facing each other, while blades swung madly around them. Lightning like sword flashes, and moon like blade afterimages.

“It’s been a long time since we’ve seen such a gorgeous battle between two high-speed swordsmen. Brother Hero holds the upper hand, and has suppressed FieldLily. If FieldLily can’t break this combo and stop the increased attack speed, then she will no doubt lose. According to Brother Hero’s strength, if nothing stops him, his combo can go on forever...” Brother Zhao applauded.

FieldLily was extremely sullen. It was already becoming difficult for her to withstand it, yet his speed was becoming faster and faster. How could there be such a ridiculous Blade Demoness! It had already been 45 slashes, yet there wasn’t the smallest mistake in drawing, sheathing, nor slashing. Another 10 slashes flashed (Blade Demoness gets a short distance teleport every 10 combo. It has approximately a 5 meter range, and must be used within 0.3 seconds!) *Left or right!? Back!* She turned and used her two swords to block Ye Cang’s long saber. Things weren’t going well for her! Ultimate! Lightning Transformation - Spark Dragon!

Electric currents flowed from FieldLily’s two swords, pouring into her body. Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled, as a lightning dragon roared! Ye Cang faintly smiled. He drew his long saber again, and threw it towards the pillar at the edge of the arena. He activated Blade Edge Blink with himself as the target, dodged the lightning dragon, arriving at the pillar and pulling the long saber out. He slashed the pillar, and then drew his straight blades, maintaining his combo! The lightning dragon had just passed. Ye Cang charged over with a Blade Edge Sprint once again. With the bonus of nearly a 100 hit combo, it only took only an instant for it to slash through FieldLily’s throat. She didn’t even have time to be surprised! 10 slashes killed her, 15 slashes dismembered her!

“So an 86 combo Blade Demoness can be this fast...” Brother Zhao absentmindedly muttered.

“This is really an incomprehensible Blade Demoness. In that moment earlier, he had both increased his combo count while successfully avoiding a crisis. To use Blade Edge Blink on a sword he threw himself, and even took advantage of his location to slash at the pillar and maintain his combo. Then with a terrifyingly fast Blade Edge Sprint, boosted by a nearly 3 digit combo, he severed her throat and performed the last 25 hits. This is the strongest Blade Demoness ever seen in all of history. His coordination is too powerful. Everyone should know that using the Blade Demoness is hard on the arms. If it had to be compared to something, then it’s like a tongue twister, but you have to continue saying it faster and faster, moreover it can’t be unclear. The moment it is broken, then everything built up would have been wasted, and one must start over...” Brother Zhong couldn’t help applauding. He turned and looked at Zuo Yiyi’s happy appearance as she looked at her virtual pad. He curiously peeked over. “Not bad, you earned quite a bit...”

“Brother Zhong, don’t tell me you didn’t bet...” Zuo Yiyi smiled lovably.

“Everyone understands each other...” Brother Zhong ‘you know it’ look. He had clearly also won his bet.

