---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 345"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 345: Curse at Hundred Flowers

“Brother Hero! Brother Hero!”

“Bastard! Despicable! Bastard! Despicable!”

“Love! God of Dance!”

Everyone broke out into all kinds of cheers and jeers.

Ye Cang sheathed his weapons, laden with grief. “As the team’s ace, I often encounter cheers and controversy. I’m already used to it...” 

“......” Everyone both on and off the field were speechless.

“Cough cough, Hundred Flowers’ second athlete is Azania. She is Hundred Flowers’ vice-leader, and also FieldLily’s trusted aide. Her character is the Thorny Swordmaster, a mid-ranked, two handed swordsman. Her combination of strength and speed makes her an exceptional duelist.” Brother Zhao looked at the second to come up.

“FieldLily wasn’t able to deal much damage to Brother Hero before she died to that extreme speed, so what Azania will be facing is a nearly peak condition Sword Demoness...” Zuo Yiyi looked to the woman with brown, shoulder length haired 

Azania drew her two handed sword and held it tightly, dragging it behind her. She was prepared to attack at any time. That clink clink sound started once again, making everyone feel anxious, as if it was knocking on their hearts. She took a deep breath, and blinked her eyes. “You...”

Azania discovered that the moment she blinked her eyes, he was gone. *Not good!*

“You… Where are you looking?” Ye Cang’s voice arrived from behind her.

“This Blade Edge Blink makes him so unpredictable. He had used the moment she blinked her eyes. Truly a terrifying athlete. He doesn’t even give the opponent time to blink.” Brother Zhong muttered.

Clink! His blade was launched by his finger, and his hilt struck! It smashed into the back of Azania’s head.

“Target has been dazed for 0.2 seconds!”

The corner of Ye Cang’s lips curled into a smile. That was more than enough! His combo started! First slash! It was closely followed by a bout of blade lights. Azania didn’t even have time to use her ultimate. When she regained clarity, she was planning to use a movement skill to pull apart the distance, but was immediately chased up to by Ye Cang’s Blade Edge Sprint. She was killed in the blink of an eye, only 15 slashes. Clink! He re-sheathed his blade, then ruffled his hair and posed. “Next...”

“Amazing Blade Demoness...” CloudDragon had quickly settled the dueling round, and found the time to come watch. He was just in time to witness this scene. He then replayed the previous battle. “With enemies like these, there’s no point...”

“Not bad, you’re qualified for me to personally crush you, trash...” Flame Emperor’s smile became malevolent and condescending. The people around him looked at him in fear.

“Dueling - S, Posing - S...” MistyVeil continued adding to her data.

“Brother Lil’White is so cool!” Lin Le then kicked Wang who was staring at DyedLily. “What are you looking at! Why’re you still not cheering for Brother Lil’White!”

“The heavens are dead! The three brothers rule! Their time is ahead! The world their jewel!!” Wang began to make up some random stuff. “The Peerless Hero! The Dazzling Diamond! The Madcap Devil! Cultured and stalwart! Together always!”

“That vulgar bowl cut guy’s words sound so cool! Brothers of the three Brother’s fanclub! Let’s do it!”

“Their rivals all dead! The three brothers rule! Their time is ahead! The world their jewel!!” 

“The Peerless Hero! The Dazzling Diamond! The Madcap Devil! God resists kill god! Devil refuses, then screw the Devil! Cultured and stalwart! Together always!”

Ye Cang heard the slogan and the enthusiastic cheers. He hesitated a moment, then took a deep breath. It was as if Nana were here, in front of the countless spectators; passionate, and heartening. That’s right. He had raised his hands towards the women of Hundred Flowers, raised his middle finger and said seriously. “I’ll f\*\*k you all!”

“That’s right! That’s right! He’ll f\*\*k you all!” Lin Le followed and raised his middle finger. He even did it with both hands, and danced with a thrusting motion.

“Beep! Players PaleSnow, HappyAndCheerful, technical foul! Yellow card warning! Can no longer partake in this round.”

Ye Cang was immediately sent off the stage. The word suspended floated above both their heads.

“These two retards...” ThornyRose facepalmed. She turned and saw that the two had no intention of apologizing. They were happily making the guts pose. She then heard Zhang ZhengXiong regretful words. “!@#$, I didn’t react in time. I was too slow...”

The spectators were high on adrenaline and were overturning the heavens in order to repeal the decisions. The girls over at Hundred Flowers all had gloomy faces. FieldLily gnashed her teeth and glared at Ye Cang and Lin Le as they high fived and celebrated. “Really New Village’s Three Brothers, we’ll remember this grudge.”

“Those two sure have personality...” Zuo Yiyi couldn’t help recalling last night, and smiled.

“No one said otherwise. I feel like the club competitions will receive a new burst of energy. Watching the three brothers, even without their astonishing strength, is fun.” Brother Zhao nodded in approval.

“However… Hundred Flowers probably hates him to death. After all, they’re all girls. They had that said to them in front of the entire world...” Brother Zhong looked at FieldLily, who was pretty much shooting flames from her eyes. Even the good tempered FieldLily was driven mad. He couldn’t help laughing.

Ye Cang was suspended. The one to replace him was ThornyRose. She easily secure the third victory, winning the 2 points from the duels. In the group and hero mode, Hundred Flowers were so angry that they attacked furiously, but their rationality was lowered. Zhang ZhengXiong performed prominently during those two battles. ThornyRose now had Zhang ZhengXiong classified as a must have solo lane pick, or a solo vs double lane pick.

The originally furious Hundred Flowers became even more furious when they lost the competition. They glared at Ye Cang and Lin Le, who were leisurely playing board games with FrozenCloud and SpyingBlade. Ye Cang and Lin Le noticed their glares, and even courteously nodded and said, “Hello...”

“My bad earlier. The atmosphere was a bit familiar, so it just came out. Really pardon me~~” Ye Cang said. Lin Le also put his hands together apologetically, “Muah~ Sorry~”

ThornyRose was feeling great, not being the one provoked for once. She watched as the Hundred Flowers girls turned green as if poisoned. *Tsk tsk, these guys’ ability to provoke others really isn’t just for show.* FrozenBlood noticed ThornyRose’s mood. *Hello, the damage you’ve received is still much higher than theirs...* 

The entertainment mode was cooking. Under Ye Cang’s envious gaze, LittleJade went up and showed off her abilities, getting the win. Thorns and Roses now had 3 consecutive, perfect victories.

“It’s should have been me who went up. Pity. Just how small-minded is this league...” Ye Cang complained.

“It will never be your turn!” ThornyRose and the women all roared.

Lin Le looked at the dejected backs of the Hundred Flowers girls. He ran over and apologized. “I’m really sorry for earlier. Big sisters, Lele says sorry...”

Lin Le said earnestly and made puppy dog eyes, which dissipated the girls’ anger. It was a competition after all, and her team was also wrong for not being able to calm down. She was about to say that it was fine, when Lin Le raised his head and picked his nose. “You really thought I would say that? Tch… Childish. A group of losers. Brother Lil’White, didn’t I say I could make them forgive me? Hand over the money...”

FieldLily and the woman had reached the extremes of anger. They couldn’t help but scream profanities at him, followed closely by warnings from the system.

“......” Everyone on and off the field were wondering how two-faced and mischievous these two really were.
