---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 346"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 346: SpyingBlade’s Comeback Fight**

The Hundred Flowers girls were sent out of the field by the system.

“Brother Mad Devil Le and Brother Hero’s taunting ability is definitely SS class.” Brother Zhao said, feeling ashamed.

“Indeed...” Brother Zhong was dumbfounded.

“PaleSnow, HappyAndCheerful: Taunting - SS. It seems that when facing them, we’ll need a way to defend against their mental attacks...” MistyVeil added even more data using her tablet.

The Hundred Flowers fans amongst the spectators began to curse. “This Mad Devil Le is too condescending! Hundred Flowers goddesses, don’t be mad! Next time, humiliate those three brothers!”

“Kid, how can Brother Mad Devil Le not be mad? How can a tiny Hundred Flowers ever hope to match him? Brother Hero chopped your FieldLily to death, and even insta-killed Azania! How can you skirt chasers even have the nerve to complain!?”

The argument between both sides declined into an awful mess, but soon the three brothers’ side overpowered the other.

In the Thorns and Roses lounge, everyone was making preparations with a serious expression. Especially ThornyRose and the girls. The next round was against Falling Star, a well known powerful guild. They were even part of the four greats at one point. Although Falling Star had gone through a lot, it was still a guild with a deep history. The most famous among them was a member of the golden generation, the big flowery underpants - TruePath. The current president is Rosa<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>’s Thorn - CompassionateStar. Even ThornyRose had to admit that whether it was in dueling or competition matches, she had lost to her countless times. In fact, she had never won before.

“Thorny Rose vs Thorny Rosa. Brother Zhao, which side do you think will rise above the other?” Zuo Yiyi asked.

“If it was in the past, it would inevitably be Thorny Rosa. Now however, it is less certain. The three brothers are all exceptionally strong, let alone that they even have Falling Star’s former ace - DarkBlade. In a team battle, Falling Star has a big advantage, however, didn’t the Flame Dragon Union lose because of one VastSea...” Brother Zhao stroked his chin and thought of VastSea.

“True. Also, with the resentment between DarkBlade and Falling Star, this battle will definitely not disappoint...” Brother Zhong pointed out with a smile.

Ye Cang and his group watched TV as if it wouldn’t matter to them even if the sky collapsed.

“Entertainment news! Perhaps many of you have only just heard about Really New Village’s Three Brothers. Many probably don’t even know who they are, and if you do, only as Really New Village’s Heroes. But now, after not even two months, Really New Village’s Three Brothers have swept through the ranks, engulfing the professional leagues. People have been calling them this season’s dark horses, or even a team of heavenly kings! Some even say they’re just three idiots making a mess of the league. Their nearly 10 million fans have gotten together, creating the Three Brothers Fan Club! The net is awash with both favorable and controversial discussions about them. Whatever the case, one must admit that everyone is paying attention to the ‘Three Brothers’ to see how far they can go...”

“In depth analysis. Brother Hero, Brother Diamond, Brother Mad Devil Le. They use the characters... ”

“Cutting edge fads. Brother Hero has only entered the league for two days, yet many students are already imitating his sword drawing actions. Training weapons that come with sheaths have seen a huge boost in sales. However, there are just as many students who prefer peace and quiet, and have complained to the student council...”

“With that terrifying neck hold, Brother Diamond’s strength has pushed the Fist of the North star down a place in the grappler’s rankings. 4th and 3rd place were also pushed down as the Fist Hero leaps from out of nowhere, and has become the 3rd ranked grappler!”

“Giant Blade Warrior’s new debut! He’s completely transformed! A dueling machine! A demolition demon! Brother Mad Devil Le has shown everyone a whole new Giant Blade Warrior!”

ThornyRose looked to the guys who were leisurely watching news about themselves. *Can you be a bit more serious! The next round is Falling Star! Dammit, this round will decide if we can make it or not.* “I say, you guys should get over here and plan with us! The next round is important! Can you just put in a bit of effort!”

“Hah, the servants are more anxious than the emperor... ” Ye Cang sighed, and slowly got up. ThornyRose wanted to stab him to death. *What do you mean the servants are more anxious than the emperor!?*

ThornyRose watched as they came over. Ye Cang was absentmindedly playing with his hair. Lin Le was picking his nose. Zhang ZhengXiong grinned, made a thumbs up at her, and mouthed, ‘beauties please’. She took a deep breath and covered her forehead. “The next round will be against Falling Star. Unlike the first three rounds, Falling Star is a truly powerful team. Although for various reasons, they have fallen out of the four great guilds, they still have the history. We can’t be careless. You should be the most clear on that as a former Falling Star member, DarkBlade.” 

“Just call me SpyingBlade. Well, Falling Star only has those few who are sort of strong, they’re nothing special...” SpyingBlade shrugged. ThornyRose looked at Ye Cang’s group, who were rolling their eyes at her, as if she was making a fuss about nothing.

“Anyways, everyone better give me 120%! Here is the data on them, everyone take a look.” ThornyRose sent the data she had arranged to everyone. Ye Cang indicated that he didn’t need it, and said, “A real ace never looks at someone else’s data, because there is no point. They’re all going to die anyways...”

“Lele doesn’t understand! Can’t you make it easier? Hah...” Lin Le glanced at it and threw it away in rage because he couldn’t understand.

“What’s the point. If one comes, we’ll kill. If a team comes we’ll still kill!” Zhang ZhengXiong grinned.

“......” ThornyRose wanted to die. *How am I supposed to communicate with them!? What kind of nonsense are they thinking. An Ace should be the one who most needs to look at the data!* As for Zhang ZhengXiong, ThornyRose could only sigh. That was just how his nature was. It was exactly that which gave him that terrifying aura, so she couldn’t complain.

SpyingBlade faintly smiled. He looked at the fresh and clean face on the first page, then faintly smiled. *It’s time to sever our ties. If possible, I want to die once under your hands, but… I have to end that last longing you still hold for me.* “Let me go first...”

“Alright, it’s the perfect comeback stage for you. As for any feelings you have for Falling Star, I hope it won’t ruin this...” ThornyRose nodded. She watched as the Falling Star Pavilion entered the field, then snorted.

“I won’t… because I have a reason to not lose...” SpyingBlade switched to the Berserk Shadow character. A ruthless gloomy energy floated out from his black light armor. He took out a black mask and slowly put it on, then suddenly, his two eyes flickered with an ominous glint. ThornyRose, FrozenBlood, and ElegantFragrance’s hearts trembled. It’s him! This extremely dangerous feeling. The short lived assassin! Berserk Shadow - DarkBlade!

---

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosa_multiflora">Rosa Multiflora</a> or the japanese rose.
