---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 347"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 347: Berserk Shadow

CompassionateStar watched the oncoming ThornyRose and co. When she saw that familiar character, she faintly smiled. “Rose, it’s been awhile since we’ve met...”

“Less rubbish. This time we’ll be getting you back for those 0 wins! Prepare to die!” ThornyRose was about to speak, but Lin Le forcefully butt ahead of her. *Hello, I thought you couldn’t read it!? What exactly were you reading!? You don’t know anything else, but you know that Thorns and Roses has never won!?* ThornyRose saw that CompassionateStar’s face had become stiff for a moment. “He’s new and doesn’t know anything. Don’t mind him...”

“Lele is helping you yet you actually say Lele doesn’t know anything? Lele is going to ignore you! Brother Lil’White, Brother Lil’Xiong, let’s go back home!” Lin Le began throwing a tantrum. He pulled Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong to go home. 

ThornyRose facepalmed, wanting to die. “Lele, new years money...”

“Sister Rose, and whoever you are. Lele knows nothing, so don’t mind Lele...” Lin Le abruptly turned and spoke in a very cordial tone.

“......” The two woman smiled bitterly.

“I better get a share...” Ye Cang unexpectedly said. “Otherwise, this ace will get mad. I don’t know what will happen if I lose my sense of reason...”

“......” ThornyRose wanted to stab this ace to death. *Ace, an ace lowlife is more like it.* “Ok ok, everyone will...”

“I’ve recorded that… Verbal agreements are valid...” Little Ye Tian also unexpectedly popped in. 

“I want PCs limited edition purse, you can just pick whichever one.” FrozenBlood wrapped an arm around Little Ye Tian and smiled. “Well done...”

“I want AHs newest shoes...” ElegantFragrance said, painting her nails.

“I want an energetic, beautiful girl with a perky top and curvy bottom...” Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.

“Ditto...” OldWangFromNextDoor quietly said.

“......” (Everyone)

*These bastards!* ThornyRose didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. She looked at Zhang ZhengXiong and roared, “I’m not a pimp!”

Then she looked at Wang. “You’re not even an contestant! You cheer squad can get out of here!”

CompassionateStar couldn’t help smiling. She looked to the nearby SpyingBlade who had his arms crossed, eyes close, and was resting. Hints of resentment surface on her face. *Why did you have to do that to me...*

“I suddenly fear that ThornyRose won’t be able to handle these team members. The Three Brothers are all superior to her in duels. FrozenBlood is a well known black-bellied goddess. ElegantFragrance is… the alliance’s gossip girl, 50% of rumors all originate from her mouth. None of them are good people...” Brother Zhao said, sweating.

“However, this will be this team’s first show of strength in this league. The three brothers’ personal strengths have been confirmed, they are basically a group of heavenly kings. Although they often mess around, but their strength is off the charts. The first round was the Giant Blade Warrior that stunned everyone with his three consecutive kills and his frightening tower killing ability. The second was the Fist Hero’s terrifying close range combat and aura. The third was the Blade Demoness’s transient combo. All three of them are offensive type athletes. The one I have my eye on though, is that little girl that has yet to display her abilities. Have you noticed? Last time she went up, she was very effective, yet very low-key. This was from last round where she played bottom lane with ElegantFragrance. It looked like it was ElegantFragrance suppressing the opponents, but this little girl’s contributions are no less than hers.” Brother Zhong began to speak about the last few rounds.

“It’s starting...” Zuo Yiyi was also looking forwards to it. This round full of grudges, how will it play out?

SpyingBlade leapt onto the stage and looked at the Falling Star members with crossed arms. The scarlet red glow of his eyes was clearly visible. “Come...”

“DarkBlade! A lowlife like you who forget’s favors and violates justice!” A grappler beauty angrily grit her teeth. In spite of CompassionateStar’s dissuasion, she leapt onto the stage.

“CompassionateDream...” SpyingBlade raised his chin, his eyes full of contempt, “You don’t have the qualifications to be the vanguard. Has Falling Star actually fallen to the point where you can be first? You even dare provoke me...”

“You!!” CompassionateDream was on the brink of exploding with rage.

“SpyingBlade, don’t go biting your tongue with those arrogant words...” Off the stage, a handsome man with long hair, in a gorgeous light-blue robe mocked.

“Is that right?” SpyingBlade crossed his arms and sneered. The dark energy around his body began to pervade the air. His silhouette became somewhat hazy and indistinct.

“Hey, does that mask change his personality? It doesn’t feel like the same person...” Ye Cang inquired.

“I’m also not very sure, but a lot has happened between SpyingBlade and Falling Star...” ThornyRose shrugged.

“Ultimate - Overlord’s Fist - Heavenly Hook!” In response to SpyingBlade’s charge, CompassionateDream activated her instant ultimate. CompassionateStare frowned, “Little Dream, you’re too impulsive...” 

“Indeed. This ultimate has a blocking effect, but...” SkyBlue nodded, worried.

SpyingBlade coldly smiled, the Overlord’s Fist - Heavenly Hook directly passing through his body, which had suddenly changed into black smoke. The black smoke then condensed behind her and he struck. “Ultimate - Mad Shadow”

After he struck, an afterimage also performed the same action. Along with SpyingBlade’s attacks, the afterimage continued to imitate him a moment after. “Shadow Riot...”

SpyingBlade teleported, leaving behind a shadow, and once again appeared beside CompassionateDream. He slashed, and the shadow he left behind also slashed in the same way. Moreover, both him and the shadow were followed by an afterimage. “Shadow Riot - Uprising!”

Suddenly, SpyingBlade and that shadow divided, becoming 6 shadowy doppelgangers. It was hard to tell which was real. All six of them simultaneously launched separate attacks. All of them were followed by an afterimage. Six attacks would be followed by another six.

“Qi Burst!” CompassionateDream suddenly smashed her fist to the ground. A fierce qi swept outwards, dissipating all the shadows. She already knew that physical attacks were ineffective against the shadows! After her qi attack, she suddenly looked to SpyingBlade, who stood at the edge of the arena as if he had never moved. She made an angry and reluctant expression. He probably hadn’t personally attacked her this entire time. She shouted out in a cute voice and activated her final Ultimate. She lowered her body and began channeling strength. “Sky Rending Charge!”

SpyingBlade shook his head. That girl had become completely irrational. She hadn’t even noticed that he’d only made the six shadows temporarily hide. He reached out and snapped. Six shadows suddenly appeared from out of nowhere and charged. Six shadows stabbed through the channelling CompassionateDream. Six afterimages followed up and stabbed through her.

“Shadow Riot - Burial.” SpyingBlade sighed. These six shadow became a storm of shadow blades, engulfing CompassionateDream.

“Thorns and Roses - SpyingBlade has defeated Falling Star - CompassionateDream...”

“She was really too emotional this battle. Even if there was a grudge, she still shouldn’t fight like this. From start to end, DarkBlade didn’t even move from his original position. This of a pseudo SS rank character - The Berserk Shadow, the king of rookies. His strength not only didn’t fall, instead, it actually has a calmness and steadiness that he didn’t have before...” Brother Zhong looked at the indifferent SpyingBlade and applauded.
