---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 348"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 348: Interweaved Blades

“What are your chances against him?” ThornyRose looked at FrozenBlood and asked seriously.

“No more than 20%...” FrozenBlood didn’t want to admit it, but still nodded. It would be hard enough to go up against CompassionateDream, yet he didn’t even have to move. He not only forced out her ultimate with just his clones, he even got such a perfect kill. As expected of a character waiting to be officially promoted to SS rank, the Berserk Shadow.

“If it was Lele, it would be 50-50.” Lin Le said with an indifferent nod.

“Humph, I wouldn’t lose to him...” Zhang ZhengXiong snorted.

“I’m the ace, no other explanation is necessary...” Ye Cang looked up 45 degrees.

 “That guy is what you call an ace, you can step aside. It’s already not bad for you to be part of the main force. You don’t even accept orders...” ThornyRose wanted to retort Lin Le’s 50-50, but she wanted to retort Ye Cang even more. DarkBlade was someone whose character could be promoted to SS rank at any time.

“As the Heaven of Happy Firmament, I must beat down any ace other than myself. A’Xiong, I know you want to go up, but leave this to me...” Ye Cang stopped Zhang ZhengXiong, who was about to go up on stage. Then with a leap, he switched into the Blade Demoness in midair, and landed on stage. “Scum...”

“Lowlife...” The crossed armed SpyingBlade couldn’t help smiling. This guy was truly interesting. This was clearly a club competition, but...

ThornyRose facepalmed. They were all in the same club. It was all for the sake of getting to the Great Christmas War! “Hurry and get down!”

“What are they doing?” Brother Zhao stared blankly.

“I don’t know either. It’s Really New Village’s Three Brothers, their actions are too hard to predict.” Brother Zhong broke out in cold sweat.

“They are in the same club. Is this going to become a battle between allies? Do the rules allow this?” Zuo Yiyi asked doubtfully.

“If it’s just for entertainment purposes, I’ll permit it. After all, it’s just one duel and it’s amusing.” Brother Zhao took off his mediterranean sea styled nightcap, and put on a pentagram patterned one.

“We must see if Falling Star also agrees to it.” Brother Zhong replied.

“There’s no point in refusing. They can scout out both DarkBlade and Brother Hero. It’s all gain with no harm.” Brother Zhao smile.

As expected, CompassionateStar allowed this extra duel.

ThornyRose gnashed her teeth. *You’re on the same team! You actually choose to take down your own teammate instead of someone else!* She angrily stomped her feet at the side. She saw Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le planning to raise a banner and cheer.

This was SpyingBlade’s first time facing Ye Cang’s Blade Demoness. He drew his longsword, and gripped it tightly in his hand. He knew that taking on Ye Cang wouldn’t be any easier than CloudDragon. Even if it was only an S rank character, he had to be careful.

Ye Cang slowly advanced, making his signature clinking sounds. When faced with the sudden attack of a shadow, he simply dodged it with a step; it could not even make him break his leisurely stroll like tempo. The two of them both slowly and leisurely approached each other. 10 meters. 9 meters. They gradually got closer. The two of them faced each other. The spectators were all shaken by that incorporeal aura, and waited with bated breaths.

2 meters!

“You’ll be the one to die!!” The two of them both sneered. SpyingBlade’s sinister and berserk aura collided with Ye Cang’s indifferent and leisurely one.

Shadow blades and moon like crescents began to appear all over the stage. The spectators were all in awe. Brother Zhao even stood up and began to applaud. “Such a top-quality showdown!”

The shadows came from all directions, while the moon crescents seemed to dance chaotically. The spectators watched the circle of death! The two of them were both assassination specialized characters. Against Ye Cang’s increasing speed, SpyingBlade also increased the number of shadows and the rate of his attacks. Dance of 13 Shadows!

Ye Cang saw the countless killing attacks coming at him! He stepped off the ground, his eyes scanned over the incoming shadows and real body in just and instant. Clang clang clang clang! Various different lengthed crescents slashed out from the center. Their afterimages looked like a blooming flower. He ended with a long saber in his hand. “Die!”

Ultimate - Blade Frenzy - Inversion.

“Not necessarily!” Although SpyingBlade was surprised that his move had been blocked, he still held his sword up to defend and raised two fingers to cast an incantation. “Curse of the Berserk Shadow...”

In the next moment, Ye Cang was sent off the stage. He looked around blankly. The spectators also looked blankly. ThornyRose had her hand on her forehead. She had used her authority to force Ye Cang off the stage.

“Hey! It was just 1 second away! It would have been a perfect battle! What did you do that for!? You actually cut it short in such a crucial moment! Even if it was an internal conflict, this is too much!!”

“Yeah! Yeah! Goddess Rose, this is too much!!”

“A pity. In that clash earlier, who do you think would win?” Brother Zhao looked at Brother Zhong and said regretfully.

“It’s hard to say. Both of them had used secret ultimates that required a special condition to activate. Results wise, it would have most likely ended in mutual destruction. You also saw it, Brother hero had an advantage in bodily coordination and operation ability, but SpyingBlade had more experience and skill. Their clash was marvelous. The result of the last exchange, it wouldn’t be hard for Thorns and Roses’ ThornyRose to come to the same conclusion as me. If we were in her place, we would have done the same thing. She can’t reveal her final trump cards so easily, let alone the hidden moves of her top two killers; one an expert in killing the strong, and another an expert in quick assassinations...” Brother Zhong paused at the final clash and continued, “Also, don’t look down on Brother Diamond. If he was the one to go up, he would not have done any worse. As for Brother Mad Devil Le, if I’m not wrong, his chance of success would probably be about 50%. Don’t ask me why, it’s simply because the Giant Blade Warrior going on stage is already an unimaginable thing. At least, since Angelite, no one could have expected it...”

“You mean to say that Brother Mad Devil Le could become the second Angelite?” Zuo Yiyi inquired.

“Saying that is a bit too much. Angelite is one of a kind, the pride of the world gaming association. I’m just guessing of course, and I had a bit to drink before coming...” Brother Zhong looked at Really New Village’s Three Brothers and muttered.

“Will they become our golden generation?” Brother Zhao said with a yearning. He didn’t become a commentator for money. What he wanted was just to watch brilliant battles.
