---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 349"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 349: SpyingBlade’s Resolution**

“Who would have thought the Blade Demoness had a chance to rise to SS rank...” CloudDragon muttered.

“DarkBlade is actually already an SS rank character, all that is left is the formal approval. As for the required test, he had already completed it two years ago.” MistyVeil came up to CloudDragon. “It is said that the only ones who have successfully completed the advancement challenge are you, DarkBlade and FlameEmperor. I’ve even heard that FlameEmperor is preparing to challenge the SSS rank promotion.”

“SSS rank huh? It’s not as simple as an increase in rank. For now, he’s still not capable. The first to advance a character to SSS rank will be me. One final point, you shouldn’t spend so much time and energy on being careful that you neglect the fundamentals. The gains wouldn’t make up for the losses...” CloudDragon muttered as he looked at Ye Cang and SpyingBlade.

MistyVeil was furious. *You think that everyone is like you or those Ji and Li family geniuses!?* She didn’t speak further and returned to her lounge.

“Lele, remember her appearance. Next time we meet her in the game, bring me her head...” Ye Cang calmly poked ThornyRose’s back and said.

“F\*ck! Pointing behinds one’s back does not involve actually poking their back! Also, the one who wants a head is me! This time turned out fine, but you nearly exposed your secret ultimates to the enemy!” ThornyRose roared.

“A true ace doesn’t care what is exposed or not!” Ye Cang said seriously.

“Yeah! Yeah!” Lin Le chimed in. Seeing ThornyRose make a 0 sign, he quickly backed up and acted neutral.

“Bro, Sister Rose is right. Just forget it.” Zhang ZhengXiong consoled.

“You two traitors...” Ye Cang turned away and clicked his tongue. He faced SpyingBlade, who was still on the stage, and the two of them shouted together. “Next time I’ll definitely kill you! Masked scum / White haired lowlife!”

“Are those two really on the same team?” Brother Zhao felt ashamed for them.

“Hehe...” Zuo Yiyi was speechless.

“Blade Demoness...” NalanPureSoul lightly patted his shoulder. “Brother PaleSnow. Really an interesting guy. I really want to meet him in reality. The next Qin family banquet, accept it for me...”

Although NalanMoon really didn’t want to agree, she still nodded. Afterall, for PureSoul to agree to go out, this was a good thing...

“Brother Hero is no weaker than SpyingBlade. In a close range battle, his reflexes even allow him to have the advantage. I’m suddenly curious, what will the Blade Demoness be like when promoted to SS rank.” LordAsked smiled. He then turned and saw CloudDragon. “F\*\*k, my mood worsens every time I see him. He’s clearly a junior… but he doesn’t show the least bit of respect!”

“Bro, it’s seems you’re on the same level.” LordGrinned (Ji Xiao) said, confused.

“Teach you to blab your mouth! Teach you to make fun of me! Whose side are you on!” LordAsked flew into rage and began to beat the innocent LordGrinned.

MistyVeil looked over. The IQ of her little cousin Xiao was worrying. He was always saying the wrong things. “Cousin, just lecturing him a bit is enough...”

“F\*ck, this kid is always questioning my authority!” LordAsked raised his hand, about to strike again. LordGrinned quickly retreated. “Bro, it wasn’t on purpose...”

“Shut up!” LordAsked shouted.

“Hah...” MistyVeil sighed. “What do you think of the three brothers. They are also active in Black Rock City.”

“I’m not really sure. He seems to be working over near that transvestite’s area.” LordAsked shrugged.

MistyVeil blushed when she heard the ‘transvestite’ nickname. Besides LordAsked, CloudDragon, and FlameEmperor, no one else dared to call him that. When NalanPureSoul became truly angry, he wouldn’t be so cute and lovable then.

On Stage.

The second to go up was SkyBlue, but he didn’t last very long against SpyingBlade. Finally, the last to go up was CompassionateStar with her SS rank character. “It’s already been two years. I’ve always had something I wanted to ask...”

“There’s nothing to ask. Come, former guild leader.” SpyingBlade shook his head, and pulled out his black sword. The dark energy began to become chaotic.

CompassionateStar heard the words ‘guild leader’, and her body trembled.

“Guild leader! I’m DarkBlade! From the material gathering department! This is an uncommon chest that I found!” That was the first time she met him.

“Guild leader! I’m coming!” CompassionateStar thought of that time she had been encircled in the wild, and she heard DarkBlade’s voice from behind her. He had cut a path of blood to bring her away.

“Guild leader, my name is Zhao YiFan.” The first time they had met in reality. He had a cool-headed and steady temperament, yet when he set his heart to something, he would do it as if his life was on the line. Zhao YiFan, a name that meant literally ordinary, was etched deeply in her heart. They had been through so much together. Passed many trials, and experienced life and death. But with this last call of ‘guild leader’, it all fell apart. *Why did you do that to me!? What did I do wrong? If you bore a grudge from that rejection during high school, then why did you risk your life for me and even blocked that bullet? How do you explain that? Which is the real you?* CompassionateStar looked at SpyingBlade, and realised, perhaps she had never seen the real him.

“It’s all in the past. Right now, we are enemies...” SpyingBlade pointed his longsword at the one standing opposite to him, CompassionateStar.

CompassionateStar pulled out a plain, one-handed, rose decorated sword. She showed a distressed smile. “Right, we’re now enemies.”

After speaking, she turned into a green flash and charged. SpyingBlade reached out and sent his shadows over, but Compassionate Star’s sword didn’t just deal simple physical damage. Her nature damage quickly slayed the shadow. “Rose Petal Dance...”

A hurricane arose, and CompassionateStar disappeared from SpyingBlade’s sight. She became countless flower petals which flew over like blades in the wind. SpyingBlade made a hand sign, “Shadow Incantation - Dance of Shadows!”

SpyingBlade turned into a violent storm of shadow blades. The fluttering petal and the berserk shadows clashed. When the sound of clashing ended, they were both left with less than 10% health. CompassionateStar struck with her sword. She had to take advantage of this opportunity! “Limit Break Ultimate - Blood Rose...”

“Limit Break Ultimate - Shadow Seal.” SpyingBlade made a hand seal with one hand. Countless shadows rushed to CompassionateStar. Finally, the Blood Rose’s light was broken. She entered a long period of paralysis and her health continuously fell. CompassionateStar fell weakly to the ground. She watched as SpyingBlade slowly walked over. *So that’s his SS rank Limit Break Ultimate? It’s actually a counter against ultimate skills.*

CompassionateStar looked at him as he picked her up by her shoulders. She smiled weakly. “We really can’t go back? What don’t you like about me. Can you tell me? I...”

“Pitiful woman...” SpyingBlade faintly shook his head. He spoke in a merciful tone. As his voice ended, a black longsword ran through her throat. He looked at the woman he had just stabbed, saw her haggard face, and a sharp pain stabbed his heart. He grit his teeth and swung his sword, sending her body flying to the side like trash. He looked at SkyBlue, CompassionateDream, and the others. They were all glaring at him with ruthless eyes. Then he looked at CompassionateStar, who was hiding her face and trembling. *That’s right, just hate me. You all just need to hate me.* He acted as if looking at them with contempt, then turned and leapt off the stage, without looking back. “I’m taking a break for the group battle...”

ThornyRose’s brows furrowed. *Just what kind of grudge does he have with Falling Star? It’s clearly something beyond just the virtual world.*

SpyingBlade slowly brushed past Ye Cang.

“Is it fine like this?” Ye Cang asked with a gentle voice.

“Mind your own business...” SpyingBlade didn’t stop. He entered the lounge, and slowly took off his mask. He looked at his own trembling fingers. *I don’t have much more time...*
