---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 350"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 350: Exchange of Secrets

In ThornyRose’s eyes, CompassionateStar was an extremely capable woman. She was the perfect woman that her mother often told her about. Her popularity was even higher than MistyVeil’s. Her mother would always say sarcastically, ‘It would be good if Gongsun Qian was our daughter’ and stuff like that. Now, ThornyRose watched as CompassionateStar had her head down, with tears dripping down her face. Her two eyes were completely empty and spiritless. ThornyRose felt an indescribable sadness. Truth be told, although they had been enemies for many years, but they use to play together when they were kids. CompassionateStar was like her big sister. Although she was powerful, her character was excellent, and she was very capable. Though ThornyRose didn’t want to admit it, CompassionateStar’s abilities were far above her own, otherwise, she couldn’t have attracted so many people who were all hellbent on following her, and ThornyRose wouldn’t have had reason to be jealous.

All Thornyrose could see now was a woman covered in cuts and bruises. No remnants of that capable, childhood big sister remained. She turned and looked towards her lounge. What exactly happened between you two? Defeating the enemy should be a happy occasion, but ThornyRose just couldn’t be happy.

FrozenBlood and ElegantFragrance also weren’t in the mood to joke around. Gongsun Qian was always an existence that was both enemy and friend to them. Unexpectedly, Ye Cang suddenly said, “I’m also not going joining the team competition. I’m going to go lecture him.”

He then turned to go into the lounge. ThornyRose was helpless. *You just want to be lazy! However, it’s fine, there’s still Shaking Bear, Little Tian, and Lele. These two so called aces, they’re both so willful!* “Let’s forget about those two. For the team battle, it will be me, Shaking Bear, Little Tian, FrozenBlood, ElegantFragrance. Lele, you will be our sixth.”

In the lounge.

Ye Cang saw SpyingBlade put the mask back on when he came in. “You love her right? Otherwise, you wouldn’t have taken such flashy revenge...”

“None of your business...” SpyingBlade said unhappily.

“You’re right, it’s none of my business. We’ve been together for some time, and although I can’t say that I understand you, but you’re definitely not someone who forgets favors and violates justice like this. I know at least that much, because Lele likes you. Lele’s radar has never been wrong...” Ye Cang crossed his arms and smiled.

“Between me and her, it’s not what you think...” SpyingBlade hesitated. *Lele’s radar?* He couldn’t help smiling. However, he didn’t even get to finish speaking before Ye Cang waved him to stop. “I just want to tell you not to do something you’ll regret later on. Sometimes, once you lose it, not even the three lives stone can bring it back...”

SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang’s lonely expression. *For real? This guy has a past like that?* He curiously asked, “Is that right? Tell me about it?”

“I should tell you just because you say so? I just came because I don’t want to see that woman’s heartache...” Ye Cang replied, also not in a good mood.

SpyingBlade wanted to let out the feelings in his heart. Perhaps it was because he was going to die, so he wanted at least one person to know about his thoughts before he passed on. SpyingBlade didn’t know why he would choose this guy who would always try to stab him in the back, but there was something about him that just made people trust in him. After hesitating a moment, he chose to speak. “A secret for a secret?”

“You first...” Ye Cang said indifferently, but SpyingBlade sensed Ye Cang’s gossiping soul burning. “We’ll take turns a line at a time. No telling anyone else, otherwise your daughters will be born with rods, and your sons with two holes.”

“Such a malicious guy...” Ye Cang said, breaking out in cold sweat.

“Do you believe that a person who knows he is going to die, can explode with terrifying potential?” SpyingBlade smiled.

Ye Cang nodded. His own style of cultivation was based on this. When one is faced with a crisis, or imminent death, but has something more important than their own life to protect, then some people will burst forth with unimaginable strength. Like Cold Moon, at the cost of her emotions and expressions.

“I’m just like that. Before I learned that I had an incurable disease, I was only a normal person who longed for a normal life. I liked living leisurely, and all I wanted was tranquility. Half my life was spent in such an ordinary way, with no enemies, and no close friends. To the me back then, living was just something I had to do, and I just needed to keep living a steady life. I didn’t need to do anything dangerous, and I didn’t need to provoke anyone. I worked a part-time job, and should have married an ordinary yet troublesome wife. Then I would have children. I would passed my ordinary days with no debt. I thought that would be good. A blessing.” SpyingBlade once again took off his mask, revealing his indescribable smile.

Ye Cang nodded. He had also felt the same way. As long as he could live a normal life with QinXue and A’Xiong, but fate was a fickle mistress. He looked at SpyingBlade who was looking back at himself. “Continue...”

“It’s your turn!” SpyingBlade reminded.

“Eh, me, I wasn’t much different from yourself, but I was an orphan. I was abandoned by a river, and was picked up and raised by my grandma. Because of my handsome appearance, everyone has always been jealous of me, so many people would throw sticks and stones at me, but grandma taught me well, so I didn’t cut off their heads...” Ye Cang shrugged. SpyingBlade broke out in cold sweat. *Hello, do you have to make it sound so terrifying!?* “Your hair is the same in reality?”

Ye Cang nodded. SpyingBlade more or less knew who he was now. Lin Hai’s soul dancer, the devilish gentleman, and also, the one who danced that mournful dance. “Then…?”

“It’s your turn...” Ye Cang indicated.

“My life should have continued like ordinary. On the day I promised to go on a blind date that my parents had set up, I received my health report. ALS. The withering and hardening of the flesh. A type of incurable disease where you can only watch yourself slowly lose the ability to move and feel. At that time, I sat in my room, and thought for a long time. Why would I have such a rare illness? I’m clearly so ordinary, whether in appearance, or in ability, or even academics. Why did the heavens even want to deprive me of my numb life? At that time, I was extremely angry. But I couldn’t be angry, because I didn’t know who to be angry at. God? I don’t even know if God exists. Others? I didn’t have anyone to hate. I lived so ordinarily that I didn’t even have anyone to love or hate. That was, until I recalled one time in highschool, I confessed to a woman who looked like she came straight out of a painting. I was rejected, and everyone mocked me. So, I decided to make her pay. To make her feel what it’s like to be rejected. For this purpose, I didn’t even care for my life. In the end, she fell in love with me, and I couldn’t help being moved by her valliance, tenderness, and kindness...” SpyingBlade spoke, then stopped there. He looked at Ye Cang, indicating that it was his turn.

Ye Cang more or less knew what had happened. “Alright, I get it now. Goodbye...”

SpyingBlade suddenly got up, grabbed Ye Cang’s shoulder, and glowered, “We agreed, one for one...”

“They’re having an intense battle outside. As the ace, I have to be on standby...” Ye Cang stroked his chin and said seriously.

“You can watch the broadcast from here. It’s already begun, so it’s got nothing to do with you.” SpyingBlade sneered.
