---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 251"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 251: Wolf Pack

FrozenCloud froze. *You're actually rejecting me!? He's actually rejecting me!!!!!?* At first, she wanted to find a tree to hang herself, but then recalled the picture she had first showed them, and facepalmed. A single mistake leading to everlasting sorrows.

"Lil'Dino, don't be discouraged. You're a good person. You'll find a good guy..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, handing her the good person card. He sincerely patted her shoulder. 

FrozenCloud was still frozen. *He's actually giving me the good person rejection! He's actually rejecting me like this!!!!?* For a long time, she was in a daze, until Wu Na pulled her over. "What are you thinking about? Stop staring off into space, let's catch up with everybody..."

"Nothing..." FrozenCloud finally snapped out of it, but still couldn't believe what had happened. *A playboy actually rejected me.*

Everyone continued to head north until Ye Cang suddenly stopped and drew his bone longbow. "Something's coming..."

"We're being surrounded..." SpyingBlade sensed with his eyes close and then slowly opened them again, pulling out his two weapons.

They suddenly heard the howl of some canine creature. Ye Cang could clearly see what it was. "They're Carnot Giant Prairie Wolves. Prepare for battle! Lele, charge! A'Xiong, Lil'Dino, SpyingBlade, do your best to protect Nana and Little Tian. There's an alpha wolf boss!"

"Sister Nana, magic missile to 7 o'clock..." Little Ye Tian once again assumed the role of spellcaster's assistant.

Ye Cang raised his bow a unleashed Multishot and Bone Spikes! Tens of magic arrows and bone spikes mixed together and shot out. Countless wolves whimpered and howled. Lin Le charged, his enormous blade tearing through the air in a surprise attack. 5 wolves, each over 4 meters long, encircled him. Sword Drawing Art! The surrounding wolves were struck by Returning Dragon! As for the missed wolf, it was struck by Surging Dragon, insta-killing it! Whirlwind strike! Any wolves that dared to approach were massacred by the enormous blade, splattering wolf blood everywhere. Netherworld Shock! It shot forwards, stunning over 10 wolves, and sending them flying meters away. 

Zhang ZhengXiong withstood the attacks of the surrounding wolves. Rainbow Slam had dazzled countless of them, and he brandished his warhammer furiously. Holy Judgement! Thunder Strike! He kept them controlled as much as possible. SpyingBlade advanced on the wolves that were suppressed by Zhang ZhengXiong, and attacked with his two swords as if scraping their meat from their bones. The wolves began bleeding at their waists and falling over, one after the other, as if a demon had passed by them. FrozenCloud was exhibiting her new weapon's might over on her side. She flew through the air like a dragon with Wyvern Kick. Her right hand struck with her claw, Shoryuken! The sharp claws tore through its waist, sending blood spraying. Spinning 360 degrees to dodge a swipe, she performed a wolverine Strike on another one! Triple Strike then sent multiple slashes flying forwards! Ye Cang also had ranged attacks. He stored his bone longbow, and pulled out his magic swordstaff. A Tidal Wave washed away the incoming wolves. His hands began to glow with crackling fire energy which he flung forwards. An area exploded into flames, frying tens of wolves. A Healing Stream was then cast on Lin Le. Ice Shards! Numerous spikes made of ice shot out, piercing forwards.

Wu Na cast Magic Missiles, Wind Storm, Chilling Wind, and other spells following Little Ye Tian's instructions, becoming an extremely important battlefield controller. Spying Blade couldn't help sighing. That Nana might be an ordinary player, but with the little girl's magic assistance, she became even more effective than GreenDew. Especially since her spells were mostly wind and ice, making her a very fitting battlefield control mage due to the large area and slowing spells.

Wu Na cast her magic while observing everyone's fight. Fighting with them, she truly felt their valiance. She saw FrozenCloud advancing to attack and retreating to guard, smoothly switching between the two. Lin Le was like a devil incarnate killing all over the place. Ye Cang swapped between magic, arrows, and melee like the wind, almost making her dizzy watching it. Zhang ZhengXiong easily kept a dozen wolves locked down. The assassin called SpyingBlade was like a ghost, appearing to attack madly and then disappearing. Even Little Tian could give her advice while simultaneously healing everyone, and applying shields at the opportune moments. They were truly too strong. *Not good! I have to step up my game!*

The pack of wolves became smaller and smaller. Ye Cang tore out his pike from the waist of a wolf, and saw another one break through past A'Xiong. It leapt towards Wu Na and the others. He turned into three shadows and rushed to intercept. The pike stabbed while in mid-air, instantly performing Multiple Straight Thrusts and Straight Thrust. Like a butterfly in the air, he used Dashing Straight Thrust to land on the ground in a half-crouch. The airborne wolf landed beside Little Ye Tian, no longer able to get up. Wu Na watched as the grounded Ye Cang instantly blended into the shadows, and appeared behind FrozenCloud. He helped her withstand an attack with his pike while simultaneously drawing his bow to support the distant Lin Le by restricting the pouncing wolves. *Damn Ye Cang is too awesome.*

Although FrozenCloud didn't know for sure how many wolves there were, there must have at least been 30. Any normal party would have long been wolf food. Dealing with such a large wolf pack would normally require at least a party of 25. These wolves were extremely fierce, but they weren't much compared to Lele and the high constitution Shaking Bear. However, that hateful pouncing skill would easily result in a normal player's death if successful.

An angry howl rang out. Ye Cang, SpyingBlade, and Zhang ZhengXiong all raised their brows in anticipation. It's coming! The alpha wolf! Lin Le also quickly leapt back. By this time, their surroundings were already covered in wolf corpses, as well as a few limping around, heavily injured. A grey furred wolf over 6 meters long and 3 meters tall appeared, it's two eyes flashing with an ominous glint. It looked at Ye Cang's party and issued a challenging howl. 

Carnot Grassland's Head Wolf - Cassanga (Boss)

"You guys go, I'll finish up here!" Ye Cang said, drawing his bow, letting his pike meld into his shadow. Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud took the initiative to charge up. SpyingBlade and Lin Le followed behind them. Wu Na was waiting for her magic cooldowns, and was also running low on mana, so she quickly pulled out a bottle of magic springwater and began drinking. Little Ye Tian activated her ring's ability to swap life for mana. Due to the suddenness of the battle, she didn't have to to cast blessings earlier, and they would have taken up way too much mana anyways. If she cast them now, she would have no mana to cast anything else.

Ye Cang stood with Wu Na and Little Ye Tian. He could simultaneously finish off the remaining wolves and protect the two of them. SpyingBlade looked at the wolf boss and saw a cyan glint in its eyes. "Careful! It's casting magic!!"

Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud quickly quickly scattered to the two sides. Lin Le also ran while preparing to use his leap to dodge. Ye Cang quickly had Wu Na and Little Ye Tian disperse, while he remained in the wolve's line of sight, staring it down. The bow in his hand didn't stop just because he was staring at the boss. It continued to blindly kill the pouncing injured wolves one after another.
