---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 252"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 252: Wu Na's Confusion

Tens of wind blades shot out. Zhang ZhengXiong turned, receiving one and losing a significant amount of health. Ye Cang saw the wind blades coming and disappeared into the shadows, appearing with Lin Le who was mid-leap. In the air, he drew his bow, unleashing a Triple Shot which applied a full 3 stacks of poison. Hitting the ground with a three point landing, he launched his body to the side and pulled out his heavy crossbow. From behind a withered tree, he began to aim a Meteor Shot.

Lin Le landed his leap and charged to catch alpha wolf Cassanga by surprise. Zhang ZhengXiong slapped his holy text, applying two healing lights on himself. He then turned back to the boss, raised his warhammer and charged with a roar. FrozenCloud activated her martial artist robe's boost, her bracelets' special effect, and rushed over with her charge ability.

SpyingBlade dodged past the burst of wind blades as if he was just walking towards Cassanga, but was no slower than Zhang ZhengXiong's ferocious charge. A calm and wierd speed.

Zhang ZhengXiong raised his armguard, blocking a claw. Roaring like a tiger, he gripped his hammer tightly, and smashed it onto the boss's forehead. Their two pairs of eyes glared at each other, yet Zhang ZhengXiong didn't even show the least bit of fear. "F\*\*k your mother! Your opponent is me!! Attack me! Hit me! Brat!!"

Zhang ZhengXiong's direct provocation clearly showed great results. The alpha wolf bared its teeth and unleashed a continuous barrage of claws.

Lin Le summoned his handcart, and began to gather strength in his waist. Handcart Homerun! It was followed by a Handcart Tornado which repeatedly smashed into it, finally stunning it. FrozenCloud unleashed a ferocious chain of attacks. As the boss was continuously repelled by Lin Le, she and Zhang ZhengXiong formed a perfect combo, knocking it back from the other side. Her two claws were like digging tools, unearthing the content's of the boss's abdomen, leaving falling chunks of flesh and dripping blood. SpyingBlade dance with his blades under its neck, splattering wolf blood everywhere. Wu Na watched with dim eyes as she unleashed her strongest magic - Ice Spear! An spear made of ice appeared by her side and shot forwards to stab through the boss's throat, weakening it. Lin Le abandoned his handcart, and drew his enormous blade to perform an Execute! Success!

At this very moment, Ye Cang's Meteor Shot completed and pierced through it from the other side of its waist, dealing a huge amount of damage. He then waved his hand and shouted, "Tactics! Rapid Pursuit!"

The entire team's movement speed increased by 50% and attack speed by +30. SpyingBlade felt his speed gain a huge boon, and his two swords danced increasingly madly. Lin Le's Sword Drawing Arts was also ready again. He once again unleashed it followed by a Whirlwind Strike. He even included his ring's and set's damage boost to the next 3 attacks.

Zhang ZhengXiong received Ye Cang's signal, and move to the wolf's side. A flame burst accurately exploded on it's nose, causing it to whimper in pain. Under the effects of Ye Cang's Rapid Pursuit, everyone surrounding the wolf fought exceptionally valiantly. Both their dodges and attacks were even more effective than usual, especially SpyingBlade, whose increase in speed had caused a drastic change. Compared to his operating ability, the wolf appeared to be moving like a puppet. He easily dodged while madly brandishing his swords.

Wu Na's skill was ready again. Zhang ZhengXiong's control made it as easy as target practice for her. An Ice Arrow and Magic Missiles whizzed over.

"Congratulations, you've slain Carnot Grassland's Head Wolf - Cassanga. Received 1800 experience."

Ye Cang leveled up, reaching level 15, rising to 3rd place in the ranking. He instantly appeared by Lin Le's side and reached out his right hand towards the still collapsing corpse; however, a demonic silhouette intercepted his divine hand. It was SpyingBlade. Zhang ZhengXiong was also tackling towards Ye Cang, allowing Lin Le to succeed at looting the corpse.

Wu Na walked over from the distance and saw Ye Cang acting as if he was a flesh eating zombie coveting the corpse. "This is..."

FrozenCloud walked over to her and told her the stories of Ye Cang's divine hand.

Wu Na gasped. Good thing it had been prevented. If the boss dropped nothing after such a tough fight, she would want to smash her head into a wall, especially after hearing how a secret instance's boss had been cursed by Ye Cang's hand once. She could understand how stifled the participants at the time must have felt. The mood swing they must have gone through after winning by such a fluke, then having the boss ruined by such a legendary cursed hand. "Haven't you tried telling him to stay away from the corpses?"

"It's no use. When a boss dies, a chest appears, drawing a lottery, or opening a gift box, Team Leader completely loses all rationality. Besides forcibly blocking him, there's no other way to stop him." FrozenCloud sighed. *You don't know how many times people have suggested the same thing. He completely believes that he's super lucky and can loot a divine artifact. Just like how he thinks his art of cooking is amazing while making those biochemistry experiments. I even got to experience it in reality, something I never want to remember.*

Wu Na looked at FrozenCloud's exhausted expression. It seems like she had experienced her fair share of suffering. Lin Le raised three pieces of loot. "Brother Lil'White, we got a wand, a shoulder guard, and a skillbook."

SpyingBlade and Zhang ZhengXiong released the demonic Ye Cang, allowing him to begin divvying the equipment.

Cassanga's Wind Claws (Distinguished) 

Category: Wand

Requirements: 65 Intelligence, 65 Wisdom

Damage: 15 - 20

+10 Intelligence

+10 Wisdom

Recover 1 mana every 10 seconds.

Cassanga's Wind Claws: Gather power for 2 seconds, then immediately shoot 10 scattered wind blades. Every wind blade deals 20 damage. Cooldown: 15 minutes.

Cassanga's Wolfbone Shoulderguard (Distinguished)

Category: Heavy Shoulderguard

Requirements: 70 Strength, 75 Dexterity

+12 Defence

+10 Strength

+11 Dexterity

+5% Fortitude

Reduces magic damage taken by 5.

Tackle: Perform a sudden tackle against a target, dealing (Strength + Dexterity) x 3/4 damage with a chance to cause knockback, or stun. Cooldown: 1 hour.

Skillbook - Gale: Chant 4 bars (3 seconds) to perform a powerful wind attack in a circular area, dealing 25 damage, with chance to knock-up or knockback. Cost: 10 mana. Cooldown: 1 hour.

The wand and skillbook automatically went to Wu Na. The shoulderguard was taken by Ye Cang, replacing his old black-iron shoulders. His shoulders now had a double layered bone shoulderguard, which matched exceptionally well with the wolf leather hood and tiger coat. What made Ye Cang unhappy was his Ranger's Mashup Spirit talent. There was simply no equipment which he needed to reduce the requirements by half on. At his level, with the help of Ranger's Mashup Spirit, he could be wearing equipment made for level 20+.

