---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 253"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

TN: I'll be changing Kaakoo bug to Kagu bug because Kaakoo was bothering me. Also, their pet is now a Kagu Bug General.

---

### Chapter 253: Epiphany

Ye Cang chopped up the surrounding wolf corpses. In this battle, the tiger cub Little Ren had reached level 5, becoming a little bit bigger. The kagu bug Little Ration was level 7. The two were still considered newborns and had no real use. According to Little Ye Tian's analysis, they probably needed to reach level 10 before being able to battle.

Everyone saw Ye Cang take out a large steel pot, and simultaneously sighed. The inevitable is happening again. They looked at Wu Na with pity.

Wu Na was startled by the surrounding people's stares. *What? Is there something on my face? There's nothing, why are they looking at me with such pity?* "What?"

"Nothing..." FrozenCloud shook her head. She gave Wu Na an encouraging glance, which made Wu Na's hairs stand on end.

"Eating warm stew on a cold day. Stew~ Stew and tempura should go together deliciously. Soup with fried chicken..." Ye Cang hummed a little song as he poured the magic springwater into a pot, and had Zhang ZhengXiong start a fire. He threw in some wolf meat, goblin meat, a bit of skeletal demon bones, spirit residue, zombie fluids, the two newly discovered slime gels, stink shrooms, leisurely ratten, blood replenishing grass, as well as some poisonous alchemical herbs and their corresponding antidotes, finally topping it off with some new spices, then covering it with the lid. While that was boiling, he took some monstrous bird, rock lizard, wolf penis, and wild vegetables, wrapped them in flour, and deep-fried them. 

What made everyone relax their furrowed brows was that the fried food actually smelled good. Their frown returned once again when a dark purple gas began to seep out from under the lid of the other pot. The lids trembling was like a brave warrior fearlessly telling them, "Everyone run. I can't hold the evil back much longer. Go, don't worry about me." They all sighed with sorrow. 

Wu Na covered her nose, and her stomach roiled. "It stinks! What are you stewing! Just a tiny bit of smell escaped and it already stinks this much."

"It doesn't make sense. I added part of the skeletal demon's head so it should taste good..." Ye Cang explained indifferently, while pinching his nose causing him to sound funny. He reached out to release the evil suppressed by the brave warrior. A purple pollution wafted up becoming a demonic laughing face. The bubbling sound from the pot together with this scene made it look like hell.

"Congratulations, you've created an intermediate level dark cooking recipe and a decent intermediate level set meal. Received 3500 cooking experience. Please give them names."

"Skeletal Demon, Slag, Wolf, Goblin, Slime, Medicine, Mushroom, Spirit PotPourri. Deep Fried Wolf's-little-brother. Goblin, Chicken, Lizard Sampler."

Skeletal Demon, Slag, Wolf, Goblin, Slime, Medicine, Mushroom, Spirit PotPourri: Eat to recover 3 health every second and 1 mana every 3 seconds. Also obtain +9 to All Attributes, +9 Attack, +10 Defence, +15 All Resistances, and intermediate level Moderate (Passive, when activating a skill, has a chance to reduce energy, rage and mana costs by 25%) for 5 hours.

Deep Fried Wolf-Little-Brother, Goblin, Chicken, Lizard Sampler: Deep fried dishes which can stack. Can at most stack 4. Once full, obtain intermediate level Burst (Passive, when activating a skill, has a chance to increase damage by 25%) for 4 hours.

"Ummm, you guy aren't going to tell me we're really supposed to eat this..." Wu Na almost couldn't keep her eyes open. The smell really stung. She pinched her nose tightly but couldn't block out the smell. *Although the food's attributes are awesome, and this skill, my god.*

Ye Cang sounded the alarms and shouted, "Hurry and eat or you'll slowly lose consciousness! Hurry!!"

After he said that, everyone very skillfully scooped themselves a bowl and collapsed in a pile on the ground. Even the two pets weren't spared. Wu Na froze. *What happened!? Can someone explain!? Do I really have to eat this thing!?* She looked at the 'corpses' on the ground that would occasionally twitch. The unbearable stink began to slowly wear at her mind. Since everyone had eaten it... She clenched her teeth, and drank a bowl. The stink pierced into her mind, her whole body was covered in goosebumps, then she collapsed on the ground, twitching. Due to it being her first time eating Ye Cang's food, it was too much for her to handle. She felt as if she could see her mother and father waving to her from the pearly gates of heaven. *Nana, it's too early for you... Moreover, this place has changed lately due to economic depression. We don't even have enough beds. It's really not worth it to die now...*

Wu Na reached out wanting to touch her mother and father in her dream, but suddenly began to fall, then she finally lost consciousness.

10 minutes later, everyone began to wake up. The first thing they did was to rush to have brave warrior lid seal the majority of the evil. Wu Na slowly crawled up, her face devoid of all color. She looked at Ye Cang and the others, and saw their grateful expressions.

"I knew you could pass this trial..." FrozenCloud pulled Wu Na over and squeezed out a smile.

"How long have you been eating this thing for?" Wu Na asked.

Lin Le tried to recall, "Since the game started."

"I started a bit later..." FrozenCloud sadly thought back to about a month ago.

Wu Na finally understood why these three guys always ate like starving refugees. Anything even remotely tasty would probably feel like the most delicious thing in the world after this. So it was like that. Her stomach began to stir, and she looked towards Ye Cang and asked, "Is there no way for you to make it taste a bit bitter?"

Ye Cang pointed to the stirfry to the side, passing a piece to her. "There is, however only a few. The previous dish might taste bad, but the effects are good, and I'm still improving it. Don't worry, it's alright."

Wu Na took the deep fried wolf penis, speechless. *Taste bad!? You call that just tasting bad!? Taste bad is not enough to describe that thing earlier!! That's an extreme trauma!* She tried the tempura, and it was decent, much better than the thing before it. At least it calmed down her stomach a little. "What is this?"

"Wolf Penis..." Ye Cang smiled.

"Ah..." Wu Na covered her mouth. 

FrozenCloud only sighed. *You're just not used to it yet. If you knew what was in the pot you ate before, you'd probably want to kill yourself.* Everyone quickly obtained the set meal buffs.

Wu Na was beginning to regret coming to Black Rock City. Seeing everyone else eating it, she endured the disgust in her heart, and ate one of each of them. "What are all these?"

FrozenCloud reached out and put a comforting hand on her shoulder. She said with a very serious expression, "If possible, it's better not to know. Nana, trust me..."

"It's best you listen to her..." SpyingBlade said with a sad sigh. "If possible, I also want to forget..."

Wu Na looked at FrozenCloud's serious expression and SpyingBlade's depressed sigh, and gulped. She looked at the deep fried food in her hand. Sometimes, ignorance is bliss. She nodded and silently watched Lin Le use the deep fry food to cheer up the depressed Little Ren and Little Ration.

"Bro, earlier Lil'Dino said she was interested in me..." Zhang ZhengXiong said with his arms crossed.

"I didn't!!" FrozenCloud roared from nearby.

"Actually, besides her original appearance... Hah~ she's still a good person. At least she's kind and considerate. Don't be too superficial. A'Xiong, think over it well before replying." Ye Cang took out Lil'Dino's old picture and sighed. He reached out, spoke some meaningful heartfelt words, and patted Zhang ZhengXiong's shoulder.

"I got it." Zhang ZhengXiong nodded.

FrozenCloud covered her forehead. Wu Na faintly smiled, "Just get use to it..."

"I wish for your happiness..." SpyingBlade unexpectedly gave her his blessings, making FrozenCloud not know whether to laugh or cry. This team, besides Wu Na, there were no normal people!
