---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 255"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 255: Deep in the Insect Nest

Kagu Bug Guard (Insect - Elite): An extremely aggressive insect race. The flesh under it's hard outer shell is delicious and tender. Top choice ingredient for deep frying and steaming.

SpyingBlade had wanted to make fun of this skill of his for a while. An identification skill that could identify anything, but sometimes it would come out with these strange descriptions.

FrozenCloud felt relieved having Shaking Bear in front of her. Currently, he was the best equipped tank in the game, with potential to becoming a heavenly king level tank. It should be known that there hadn't been a heavenly king level tank in china in a long time. There wasn't a tank among the current four heavenly kings. The one with the greatest chance was VastSea, but he didn't have the popularity because he was too low-key and humble. Even his comprehensive test score made it impossible for him to become one.

A blade flashed, Lin Le rushed over with Assault Charge. It was followed by a Sword Drawing Art + Whirlwind Strike combo. This was complemented by SpyingBlade's flurry of blows while he dodged Lin Le's attacks. Together, they instantly took one out. The other was also slain when Ye Cang's arrow smashed its head after FrozenCloud's qi powered combo. The maggots temporarily still couldn't make their way over since the flames were still burning. Wu Na felt like weak sauce compared to the others. Little Tian judged that she shouldn't to cast any spells since her ice spells or magic missiles could weaken the flames.

"Brother Le, how many more molotovs do you have?" Little Ye Tian inquired.

"Let me count. 1, 2, 3, 4... Wait, what number am I at? Let me start again. 1, 2, 3,  ah, I think I counted something twice..." Lin Le opened his bag and began counting. 

Little Ye Tian just glanced inside, "52..."

"Haha, this Brother Le was just playing with you. I knew there were 52." Lin Le said showing no sign of shame.

Little Ye Tian was too lazy to ridicule him. "Use them sparingly. They'll be very useful in this sort of battleground. If I'd known earlier, I would have prepared more. However, we haven't found a species that drops combustible liquid in this area yet."

Little Ye Tian then handed a grenade to SpyingBlade. "Incase of emergencies or if you have a good opportunity."

SpyingBlade took the shoddy hand grenade. *Oh, this is good stuff. It even has a small area control effect.* "You're?"

"Engineer..." Little Ye Tian answered indifferently. This team's secondary professions really made one jealous. They even had an engineer now.

The blaze was eventually extinguished. Zhaang ZhengXiong charged with his two handed warhammer at the remaining 5 or so maggots. A Barbaric Tackle blocked their advance and sent bug fluids and sticky liquid splashing everywhere. FrozenCloud's two claws also scratched continuously. Under everyone's ferocious attacks, the already injured maggots barely managed to hurt the front line fighters before dieing. When they died, they exploded into sticky liquid which made it hard to move.

SpyingBlade lifted his foot and looked at the trail of sticky liquid. It was a bit disgusting and decreased his movement speed by about 60%. Lin Le was struggling in the middle. The more he tried to get rid of it, the more got on him. "Brother Lil'White, it's so sticky! So sticky!"

Little Ye Tian walked up to the sticky liquid and examined it for a bit. "Me and Lele could probably make use of this stuff."

FrozenCloud also swung her arm, trying to get the sticky liquid on her off. She looked at the other maggots that had been burnt to a crisp. "They seem to fear fire."

Ye Cang activated Flame Blade on his swordstaff, cutting the sticky liquid that was entrapping Lin Le and the others. SpyingBlade frowned, "Those things are easy to kill, but we have to watch out for this secretion. It's best to kill them from range."

"Well said Brother SpyingBlade. You'll be slowed if you kill it in melee." Little Ye Tian said as she had Ye Cang collect all the secretion. 

Lin Le cautiously reached his hand into the goop, feeling for the corpses underneath. "Brother Little White! There's a formula I can use!!"

Little Ye Tian was speechless. Speak and it will appear? Wasn't Lele's luck too good?

Maggot's Sticky Fluid Compound Glue - Formula: Use the maggot's sticky liquid along with some other ingredients to synthesize a glue like substance. Extensive range of uses. Sprinkle on the ground to greatly slow things that step on it.

The kagu bug's corpses also gave many materials and ingredients. Ye Cang didn't leave a single gatherable thing behind, cleaning up the entire mess from the battle until it was neat and tidy. Even the burnt sticky liquid was stored into the cart. SpyingBlade looked at the tunnel that was cleaner than before they came. *This guy...*

Ye Cang once again prepared the deep-fried sampler and a demonic skeleton stew. Wu Na looked at FrozenCloud and the other's courage with admiration. To be able to force themselves to to eat this mind-numbing thing for a whole month... However, the effects were pretty much equivalent to a piece of equipment each. It even had Moderate and Burst, two extremely useful abilities. Having casted magic the whole way here, without Moderate, her mana wouldn't have been able to keep up, even with the magic springwater.

Due to the kagu bug's call, all the nearby maggots had already swarmed over, so now they could continue deeper into the tunnels unimpeded. As they made their way further in, they would occasionally see an egg or two. These were all swiped by the expert gatherer Ye Cang, and put in the cart. They swept through the tunnels, not leaving a speck of dust behind. When they met maggots, Lin Le's molotovs would burn them to death. Ye Cang and Wu Na were in charge of finishing off these maggots from range. Zhang ZhengXiong and the other melee would take care of the kagu bug guards and foreman. All enemies in their path were purged. The many maggots they killed got them even more crafting recipes. They even met maggots that could shoot acid and learned to make an antidote.

"This is a good place to level..." SpyingBlade's experience bar had increased by quite a bit since they entered. Lin Le's molotovs allowed the ranged attackers to easily pick them off from behind the wall of fire. Shaking Bear would hold back the kagu bug guards so there wasn't any risk there either. Not only that, the drops were pretty generous. SpyingBlade himself had already gotten 3 pieces of superior quality equipment and 1 masterwork. Most importantly, the monsters here respawned quickly; the growth and propagation rate of those disgusting maggots was unusually fast. Suddenly, something caught his eyes. A place with a treasure chest! "There's a hidden chest over there."

Everyone looked over, and saw nothing. FrozenCloud was still suspicious of him. How was he able to spot treasure locations so accurately? 

Ye Cang's two eyes began to glow red. "Where! Where!?"

Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud sighed, then got to work blocking the charging Ye Cang. SpyingBlade came to a spot on the wall covered in sticky liquid, then reached in and pulled out a locked chest. "Oh, it's locked. I'll unlock it. Lele, get ready."

"The chest is mine! Miiiiiinnnee!!!" SpyingBlade ignored the increasingly dangerous Ye Cang and took out his lock-picking tools. 

Zhang ZhengXiong asked doubtfully, "Why not use our key?"

"If possible, it's best to open it by hand. The keys should be saved for those chests that can't be lock-picked." SpyingBlade, the treasure hunter, explained.

Clink~ The lock on the grey chest was removed. SpyingBlade stood to the side, and Lin Le reached out to open it. Wu Na looked at Ye Cang, and trembled. *I never knew he had this side to him.* Then she suddenly recalled that one time when they had bought a scratchcard, that look he gave her that said 'let me do it or I'll bite you'. She had forgotten till now. 
