---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 256"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Hazery"
---

**Chapter 256: Kagu Bug Foreman**

"Lele, opening my chest again..." Ye Cang was disappointed once again. "Why... why does no one trust in my divine hand..."

"Brother Lil'White, I was forced. Here, you can hand it out!!" Lin Le said, handed all the loot over to Ye Cang.

Ye Cang looked at the three things, and shared the stats with everyone.

Minor Acid Spray (Special - Insect - Beginner Level): Shoot corrosive liquid at a target area, dealing 6 damage per second and reducing armor by 10 for 5 seconds. Cost: 10 mana. Cooldown: 15 seconds.

Refined Kagu Chitin Breastplate (Distinguished - Insect)

Category: Breastplate

Requirements: 70 Strength, 70 Dexterity

+15 Defence

+10 Strength

+11 Dexterity

+25 Nature Resistance

Damage taken reduced by 6.

Exoskeleton (Passive): +10 Defence and reduce damage taken by 15%. The effect is temporarily removed after taking 4 attacks. Refreshed after 15 minutes.

Bug Enslaving Crystal: Can temporarily control a kagu bug type create to fight for you for 30 minutes. Uses: 1.

"A skill book? Nana do you want it?" Ye Cang asked.

"You take it. I'm focusing on Ice and Wind attribute skills. The others aren't too useful for me." Wu Na knew that Ye Cang's spell power was very high. A single flame burst from him dealt the same amount of damage as two of her spells. 

Ye Cang learned Acid Spray. This sort of skill that could reduce armor was a must. Next, he took out a shiny black breastplate. "What about the bug shell? A'Xiong, yours is about the same but gives more Constitution. This one doesn't give constitution."

"Bro, not only that, I'm still a bit short on Dexterity. See if SpyingBlade can use it." Zhang ZhengXiong nodded towards him.

"Team Leader, you could swap yours out too. SpyingBlade, what do you think? Mine is still useable, and as the second tank, I need some Constitution." FrozenCloud also declined.

"I can use it. It's about time to change my chest armor." SpyingBlade was very pleased with this bug armor's stats. It not only had his two main attributes, that passive that could block four attacks was extremely useful to a high-risk style assassin like himself.

"Alright, you can have it. Mine is still alright." Ye Cang handed it over without complaint. "This crystal should be useful. Controlling a kagu bug for 30 minutes, who wants it?"

"Father, give it to me. This should be a special prop that will have a use against the boss." Little thought for a bit then took the crystal. Ye Cang couldn't help relating it to that rune Lin Le had found in the volcano which had allowed them to bypass the boss's strongest attack. Without it, perhaps they wouldn't have survived. In fact, they were almost guaranteed to have died.

FrozenCloud looked at the party. Most of the members were pretty hardy. They didn't really have a glass cannon type. She even learned that Wu Na was using a standard control mage build, which had Wisdom as her primary attribute. Little Ye Tian didn't need to be said as she was dual Constitution and Wisdom, so her health probably wasn't much lower than her own. Also, Little Ye Tian could use a shield, which gave her a defensive advantage. SpyingBlade, the berserk assassin, played more like a swordsman, so his health was much higher than the usual assassin. As for the team leader, he was an all-rounder. A simple weapon swap would allow him to become a dodge-type tank. As for his health, it might even be even higher than her own. Then Lin Le, she could only sigh. Heavy Weapon specialists with high strength were usually also tanky. Along with Shaking Bear's auras, this party's survivability was very high.

After the chest, everyone continued exploring and burning maggots. Finally, they arrived at the end of a tunnel. It opened up into a very spacious nest. A red and fleshy kagu bug sat in the middle. 4 elite kagu bug guards flew around it. According to Ye Cang, the bug was about 12 meters long and 5 meters high.

Kagu Bug Foreman - Barrenarr (Boss - Insect): The leader of the worker bugs. Directs the kagu bug guards to control the maggots. Capable of shooting corrosive acid. The best cut of meat is just below the chest. It's a very rare meat~~ 

"Its meat is rare! Kill it!" Ye Cang was like a master chef getting excited over seeing a rare ingredient. This reaction made everyone sigh. He was already completely enthralled with cooking.

"Should we use the crystal to control one?" SpyingBlade recalled the crystal. He looked at Little Ye Tian, asking for her opinion. She was the one with the best mind, and aside from common sense, her opinion would be extremely useful.

Little Ye Tian hesitated a bit before shaking her head. "We'll see at the end. For now, it's still doable. Father, you should come up with a strategy."

"Brother SpyingBlade, think you can duel one of the guards?" Ye Cang asked with a smile.

"Why not..." SpyingBlade shrugged. Dueling was his specialty.

"A'Xiong, pin down the boss. Lele take one. I'll take one. Brother SpyingBlade take one. FrozenCloud take one. Nana, prioritize killing FrozenCloud's target first. Little Tian, you only need to pay attention to FrozenCloud and A'Xiong." Ye Cang quickly shared his strategy. Little Ye Tian nodded. The plan her father adopted was to divide and conquer, killing the minions before the boss. It was an appropriate plan, but was heavily dependent on everyone's individual abilities. As for this party, everyone was strong, so there would be no problem. As expected of her father, the master strategist of the eastern district. FrozenCloud looked at Little Ye Tian's gaze of worship, and sighed. This girl had already been brainwashed to the point of no return. She knew that she was the weakest out of them, so prioritizing her target was the correct decision, but she still felt unhappy about it. She tightly clenched her fist.

Finishing their preparations, Ye Cang pulled out the heavy crossbow from his bag. He saw that he had 3 heavy crossbow bolts left, and it was about time to replenish them. He prepared to shoot a meteor shot. "FrozenCloud, take the one that I shoot. Once it's dead, help Lele, then Brother SpyingBlade. I'm last."

"I got it, Team Leader." FrozenCloud said quietly. Zhang ZhengXiong also made preparations to intercept the boss.

Ye Cang tapped the trigger, sending a spiralling meteor shot piercing through the air, directly piercing through one of the flying bugs. Putting away his crossbow, he drew his pike with his right hand and a tonfa with his left. "Go!"

Zhang ZhengXiong was like a tank as he barrelled towards the foreman. Everyone followed behind him, each locking onto their own targets. The battle started!
