---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 257"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Kuro, Hazery"
---

### Chapter 257: Phlegm Fountain

Zhang ZhengXiong started the fight with damage reduction skills. He held his warhammer as his armguard collided with the boss. Barbaric Tackle! However the boss showed no sign of fear. The two touched and Zhang ZhengXiong was knocked a dozen steps back! As for the boss, it also stopped in place and was forced to lean back due to the collision. It released a painful wail, and its eyes began to glow red with rage because the moment that they had collided, Zhang ZhengXiong had managed to activate a Thunder Strike while being pushed back which smashed into its stomach, leaving some cracks and a visible dent. Unfortunately, it failed to stun. 

FrozenCloud saw how Zhang ZhengXiong had used strength to intercept the boss, and saw that astonishing strike. What a fast reaction. He could even strike back under those circumstances, as expected of Shaking Bear, such an inhumane physique and reaction speed. She turned her head towards the people near her who had begun to scatter towards their targets. She locked onto the one near her that had been shot by Ye Cang's Meteor Shot, and directly activated her claw's active ability, pouncing onto it knocking it to the ground. It was knocked down for 3 seconds! Wolverine Strike! Collapsing Palm! Along with the boost from her Qi, Wolverine Strike and Collapsing Palm both resulted in a dazzling 100+ damage. They were followed by a Triple Strike, which fully stacked the weapon's bleeding effect, and gave her a huge boost in damage.

SpyingBlade's flurry of slashes locked down one of the kagu bug guards that wanted to save the one being slaughtered by FrozenCloud. Ye Cang became a shadow and intercepted another. His left hand tonfa activated counter, blocking one of the sickles, and he leaned to dodge the other while simultaneously stabbing out with his pike. Thanks to Ranger's Mashup Spirit, Ye Cang could wield the pike with one hand, but it only dealt about 75% damage. After countering, he put the tonfa back on his waist, and held onto the pike with two hands. Multiple Straight Thrusts! Straight Thrust! Mirror Image! After his decoy exploded, Ye Cang appeared nearby with his bow. Precise Shot! Multishot! Triple Shot!

Lin Le's fight also went very smoothly. He had quickly leapt over, and smashed one down from the sky. Dreadful Gaze! Success! Sword Drawing Art! Then he rolled on the ground, dodging a slash. Rising Slash! Whirlwind Strike! "Brother Lil'White, trade!"

Ye Cang faintly smile. A Dashing Straight Thrust and his pike instantly instantly stabbed into Lin Le's target. As for Lin Le, he used Assault Charge to dash towards Ye Cang's. The two of them had quickly traded targets, showing off their teamwork.

FrozenCloud's Shoryuken struck, not giving her target a chance to recover by knocking it into the air. Chasing down the airborne bug was an Ice Lance which pierced right through it. FrozenCloud was moved. How nice it was to have a dedicated spellcaster, and even an ice specialized one. Wyvern Kick! Heavy Strike! She brandished her two claws, slaying the bug. Without any rest, she activated her charge ability and dashed towards Lin Le's target.

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the enormous scythe coming towards him! He roared, his voice echoing through the cavern! The engravings on his armguard activated! Both his Strength and Constitution were amplified! He madly swung the hammer in his hand! Holy Judgement! Triple Strike! During his berserk assault, some slashes had struck his body, yet he only become increasingly fierce and courageous! All the critical attacks were blocked by his armguard. Little Ye Tian's 5 pearls of light all flew towards him, quickly healing over half his health! Holy Shield!

Ye Cang knew he needed to speed things up, so he waved his arms and activated his tactics ability. "Tactics! Rapid Pursuit!"

Everyone's movement speed and attack speed increased significantly!

Ye Cang then activated Cloudwalk, and like a butterfly, avoided the incoming attacks. He moved so fast that he appeared like a blur. Under the effects of Cloudwalk, the kagu bug guard felt like it was attacking a ghost, it's efforts completely fruitless. Ye Cang unleashed his straight thrust skills comboed with his shadow clones, finishing it off. As for Lin Le and FrozenCloud, their fierce attacks quickly took out the one Ye Cang had first targeted. All that was left was the one that SpyingBlade was more or less toying with. With a sneer, Ye Cang's hand glowed with fire energy as he began to chant. Wu Na's Magic Missiles and Ye Cang's Flame Burst hit SpyingBlade target at the same time, bombarding it to death. All that was left was the boss that Zhang ZhengXiong was tangling with.

SpyingBlade hurriedly dived backwards to avoid the Flame Burst's explosion. He got up, pointed to Ye Cang, and roared, "F\*\*k! Bastard! That was definitely on purpose!"

"Brother SpyingBlade, I knew you would dodge. You... can't you trust me...?" Ye Cang's confident eyes and calm smile made SpyingBlade gnash his teeth in anger. Scum will be scum.

SpyingBlade turned away. Ye Cang also turned his head away and revealed his bad mood, "Tsk, it actually failed to hit..."

FrozenCloud, who was running towards to boss, almost had her legs give out hearing the two of them. *As expected of Team Leader. My sister was right, he really is naturally sinister.*

Ye Cang took out his swordstaff and continued to chant, preparing to cast his new skill, Acid Spray, but an ear piercing insect cry suddenly interrupted him. Wu Na and Little Tian were also forced to stop casting. The cry made everyone feel a bit light-headed. "It's the boss's final move! Careful!"

Zhang ZhengXiong looked at the dark green 'spit' that was coming out of its mouth. It looked like there would be a lot. He quickly ran away, preparing to dodge. SpyingBlade, FrozenCloud and the others also retreated a few steps. Lin Le, who was planning to summon his handcart, also sensed the danger, and quickly retreated.

The foreman raised its head and erupted like a volcano, continuously shooting out dark green spit from its mouth. It was like some sort of phlegm fountain. Everyone dodged desperately left and right. The sandy floor that was hit by the 'phlegm' began to corrode, emitting smoke and creating constantly deepening hole. Such a strong acid! Wu Na ran desperately but didn't forget to shout, "This boss is too disgusting, spitting every..."

Before Wu Na could even finish speaking, a half meter large ball of spit hit her. Her whole body began smoking, as she took 30 damage every second. She shouted out in alarm, "31 damage a second! God d\*mn."

Little Ye Tian couldn't even start to save her before Wu Na was dissolved into a skeleton and some unidentifiable liquid.

Everyone gasped. *F\*\*k! It's so strong! 31 damage a second!?* They began to dodge the falling globs of spit even more carefully. SpyingBlade accidently stepped into a puddle of spit, and his foot burned, taking 13 damage. He quickly shouted, "Try not to step in it either!"

Zhang ZhengXiong broke out in cold sweat. Luckily, while he was fighting the boss before, he had dodged all the spit attacks, otherwise it would have been hard to survive, even with his decent poison resistance and outrageous health.

"Lele, when it stops, immediately attack it with your handcart!" Ye Cang saw that the area near the boss was pretty much a waterfall of spit. It would be impossible to get to it without touching the acid. They could only wait.

"I got it!" Lin Le kept his distance and continued to dodge as he waited for his chance.

Many minutes later, Ye Cang saw that it wouldn't stop anytime soon. He continued to make plans in his head, but in the end, he only had one idea that could work. Sacrifice for the greater good! He himself had the ring's resurrection ability, and his fishman accessory could probably allow him to avoid some damage. He sighed. *If I had known earlier, it would have been simpler to do attack earlier on. Who could have known that this thing could spit for so long?* He drew his pike and became three shadows that charged over. 

SpyingBlade raised his brows. *He's planning to stop it?* He began to move closer to the boss, preparing to act once the boss stops. Little Ye Tian guessed Ye Cang's plan, so she cast a shield and healing over time spell on him.
