---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 258"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 258: Acid Sting**

Ye Cang watched boss carefully. Right after one batch of acid, he quickly slipped through and reached the waterfall-like wall of acid. Just as he was about to touch it, he activated his accessory’s six attack combo, becoming a black shadow that passed through the wall of acid. Ye Cang sighed in relief. He had successfully crossed through it and even dealt 6 50% damage attacks. Just as he expected, the area a few meters around the boss was safe. Multiple Straight Thrust, Straight Thrust, shadow Straight Thrusts; a continuous stream of stabs struck forth.

The kagu bug foreman didn’t stop after receiving the damage. Instead, it turned it’s head to aim towards Ye Cang.

Ye Cang used his superior movement speed to attack while circling around and avoiding the machinegun spittle. A single hit would mean death. SpyingBlade saw the boss was about to turn towards himself and the rest of the party. They had to take advantage of this opportunity, otherwise it would only become harder the next rotation.

Everyone waited for the acid to fly by before activating their movement abilities. Lin Le summoned his handcart, crushed two gold coins, activated Berserk, and stepped off the ground charging at the boss. Leap + Handcart Charge made him the first one to the foreman. His violent assault knocked it back a few meters, stopping the spitting for a moment. In that time, he used Handcart Tornado to continuously beat it back. Finally, the all-powerful Handcart Homerun smashed it flying into a wall. Since the foreman had its back to Lin Le at the time, it was completely unable to resist.

The moment Lin Le had arrived, Ye Cang had used Shadow Step to appear by his side and prepare a Flame Burst. When it was smashed into the wall by Lin Le, his flame exploded onto the boss, pushing it further into the wall. The explosion sent sand flying everywhere. He pulled out his longbow, and released a rain of arrows using Multishot and Bone Spikes. It was the followed by a Precise Shot. At this time, SpyingBlade’s silhouette disappeared into the sand cloud as he unleashed a flurry of attacks. A continuous stream of damage numbers emerged. Soon, FrozenCloud also rushed over and attacked like a storm. She was able to see SpyingBlade’s extremely effective sword dance from up close. It must be said that against a boss, his damage wasn’t much lower than Team Leader’s. She felt a burst of wind and saw Lin Le charging in with Assault Charge. The team’s number 1 physical attacker has come. That enormous 3 meter long blade was easily and smoothly swung by the 1.6 meter tall pouting shorty. Soon, they heard the foreman’s scream. It’s time! Execute! FrozenCloud wiped away the disgusting bug blood that had sprayed onto her face from Lin Le’s execute.

“It’s getting up!” SpyingBlade shouted. 

Zhang ZhengXiong’s Barbaric Tackle once again slammed it into the wall, stunning it. He immediately raised his hammer and unleashed a Holy Judgement. A cracking sound could be heard from in the sand cloud, followed by a bright laughter, “It’s not getting up anymore...”

FrozenCloud had activated her martial artist clothing and bracelets boosts. She would not be outdone. She comboed with Triple Strike, Wolvering Strike, Wyvern Kick. Her two claws unleashed a continuous stream of attacks. 

Ye Cang once again pulled the heavy crossbow out of his bag and aimed, preparing a Meteor Shot. Little Ye Tian yawned, and sat down to drink water. Her job was pretty much complete, so she saved her mana incase of an emergency. She turned and looked around at the countless holes in the ground. There was a total of 551.

The spiraling Meteor Shot flew out, and stabbed into its back, dealing a large amount of damage. Lin Le’s Armed Destruction dealt 5 messy slashes.

“Congratulations, you’ve slain Kagu Bug Foreman - Barrenarr. Received 2150 experience.”

Ye Cang was about to act, but Lin Le had already looted.

“Lele! Looting my boss again!” Ye Cang roared. Everyone gave him a ‘What do you mean again? You think we’ll let you?’ look, so he looked away unhappily. “Tch, I’ve only looted a boss or two. It was all to prepare to unleash my divine hand. You dumb mortals wouldn’t understand even if I explained.”

“Once or twice?” Everyone shivered. Those mini-bosses that had been cursed into nothingness by him would cry if they knew.

“Little Tian, revive Nana.” Ye Cang had Little Ye Tian cast resurrection on Wu Na’s ‘corpse’. Wu Na’s skeleton shined with light, her flesh was restored, and she slowly woke up. She jumped up full of excitement. “You killed the boss!?”

Ye Cang unhappily pointed at the corpse that he once again failed to loot. Wu Na once again lamented the party’s strength. Even herself, A’Xiong’s aura increased her defence, spell focus and mana regeneration.

“Brother Lil’White, here’s the things the boss dropped. 4 in all.” Lin Le transferred the boss’s loot to Ye Cang. Wu Na quickly peeked over to see what it was.

Acid Sting (Special - Barrenarr - Archery Technique): Shoot an arrow enchanted with a special magical acid. On hit, deals 5 damage per second, and reduces its movement speed, reflex, attack speed by 25% for 10 seconds.After the effect ends, the acid becomes poison which inflicts 3 seconds of paralysis. Cost: 10 mana and 25 energy.

Barrenarr’s Hook (Distinguished - Insect)

Category: Saber

Requirements: 81 Strength, 76 Dexterity

Damage: 22 - 24

+9 Strength

+7 Dexterity

+12 Additional Corrosive Damage

+14 Armor Penetration

Barrenarr’s Hook: Activate, and the next 3 physical attacks within 15 seconds will deal an additional +30 corrosive damage with +36 armor penetration. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

The last two items were an Acid Mixture Formula, and a heavy axe. The axe’s damage reached a massive 29 points.

“The skillbook is mine. Lele, take the formula. The saber, Brother SpyingBlade, you probably want it, right?” Ye Cang directly used the skillbook, gave the recipe to Lin Le, then took out the green saber and asked SpyingBlade.

“Mm.” SpyingBlade took the saber and equipped it to his mainhand slot. This sword fit well with his skills and would be able to further increase his burst damage. It’s active ability gave it a total of 50 Armor Penetration as well as 42 Corrosive Damage! Along with a triple strike, he could easily deal with high defence players now. Of course, Shaking Bear was an exception. He simply had too much constitution, could heal himself, and even had many life-saving skills. He was the worst possible target for an assassin. Recalling Ye Cang’s new skill, it was also a powerful PVP skill. Against a boss, it probably wouldn’t be as effective and would not always work, however against a player, it had a slowing effect, reflex reduction, 50 points of damage over time, and even a 3 second paralysis to top it all off. The damage over time might even get stronger with spellpower, because of the keyword ‘magical acid’. In that bastard’s hands, if someone got hit by this skill, it would be terrifying...

Ye Cang looked at the skill description after learning it and saw that damage had increased to a massive 9 every second. Thinking of the damage he would deal when it was stacked with his poisoned arrows, he immediately cheered up.
