---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 259"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 259: Buffet**

Ye Cang began to happily deal with the foreman's body, carefully cutting a two meter chunk of white meat from its chest and storing it away. He then carelessly chopped up the remaining kagu bug guard corpses.

"Is he a professional butcher?" SpyingBlade asked dumbfounded.

"Don't even mention it. Me, Bro, and Lele, in order to make a living, have worked in the supermarket selling pork before." Zhang ZhengXiong said with a bright smile, recalling the days where they would set up a stall in the night market in order to earn just a bit more money. Such a good job like selling pork in the supermarket didn't last long. The buyers thought that the pork had been contaminated because of Ye Cang's strange white hair. Thankfully, during those hard times, some dumbass went around the nightmarket asking for protection money, so they managed to earn a bit from him.

Wu Na made a strange expression. She recalled those days during first year when they would mess around the supermarkets and nightmarket. A gang had tried to make them pay protection money, but were instead charged some reverse protection money, or so they called it. They had taken all the valuables on the gangsters, including even their clothes. At that time, she was scared to death of these criminal organizations, and was afraid that they would come back for revenge, but something unforgettable happened. Shaking Bear was convinced by Lele to go visit their base, and rob the gang boss - Zhao XingYi. He was thrown onto the street void of all his belongings and from then on, Zhang ZhengXiong became famous in the night market. Even now, whenever that boss saw them, he would instantly become obedient and call them Brother Xiong, Brother White, and Brother Le. He now minded his own business, running some singing and dancing groups. He was actually very successful, becoming a big figure in the east districts entertainment industry in just one year.

...

Lin Hai East District, Yue Sheng Road. Starry Sky Entertainment's office, on the top floor.

"Boss. Lin Hai's underground meeting is soon. Do we want to go to take part?" A blonde haired foreigner said in very fluent chinese. (AN: China at this time is a powerful country, with many foreigners moving in.)

"Just video conference. We're not even fart compared to those bosses in the West, South, and North district anyways. Last time I met Gamer, I couldn't stop trembling. A'Jin, you're family now so I'll let you in on a secret. I'm not the real leader of the east district. I would be nothing without his help. Don't overthink things. Above me, your boss, are even more bosses..." Zhao XingYi said with a bitter smile.

"Boss's bosses?" A'Jin was alarmed. He was from the capital, so he didn't know too much about Lin Hai, but he could clearly see that the Gray Dogs were the biggest force in the East District. This was his first time hearing that there was someone above his revered brother-in-law.

"How should I explain it. Well, just don't think about it. Keep away from these three people. Definitely don't provoke them! You have to remember!" Zhao XinYi took out three pictures. "This big one is Brother Xiong. He has enough strength to take on our entire Gray Dog Gang. This little one is Brother Le, his girlfriend is the Song Group's daughter. This white haired guy with the dead fish eyes is Brother White. He's the most terrifying one. North district's Gamer is strong right? When he tried to expand into the east, he was sent packing by Brother White with every bone in his body broken and an arm torn off. Also, Flasher Uncle and Panty Uncle are not to be provoked, because even Brother White respects these two. A'Jin, this ocean that is the East District is deeper than either the north or the south. You have to be careful." Zhao XinYi said sincerely.

A'Jin nodded hard. He felt like he had seen those three by the sea three days ago. They were the three dumbasses! Who would have guessed they were so terrifying. Even Flasher Uncle and Panty Uncle weren't to be provoked. It seems like he underestimated Lin Hai. "I got it."

...

The scene returned to Ye Cang.

Everyone had a complicated expression as they looked at the buffet in front of them. There were all kinds of fried maggots and kagu bugs, stewed maggots and kagu bugs, stir-fried maggots and kagu bugs, barbequed maggots and kagu bugs. Just the sight made them not want to eat, but the taste was still unknown. Ye Cang wiped his hand clean. "Please help yourselves. This was made with all my heart. Although it was a bit wasteful, but let's feast!! Haha!!"

FrozenCloud sniffed it, smelling nothing strange. She took a piece of fried maggot, and bit down. It had a crunchy outside and tender inside. After the crunch sound was the taste. It was so delicious that she wanted to cry. Th-this!! This was actually made by Team Leader!? She got herself a bowl of grey soup, and drank a sip, and her mind was immediately blown away. Before her health hit zero, her last thoughts were, *I was still too naive...* 

The others watched the lab rat's expression, and reached for the fried maggot. It was really too delicious. They then looked at the stewed maggot and walked far around it. Lin Le began to scan with his ahoge radar, which had already eliminated that stinky soup. *What else? Haha! You can't escape my radar!* He picked up a golden fried kagu bug leg. He opened his mouth, bit down, and directly passed out on the spot.

Everyone broke out in cold sweat. This was a very grim test, but the effects of the food allowed them to look past their sorrows. *FrozenCloud, Lele, your sacrifices won't be in vain.* Everyone felt like saluting them. They looked at Ye Cang who was still smiling indifferently, as if he was a devil offering them pandora's box. What was inside it? They all gulped.

SpyingBlade narrowed his eyes. *Looks like I have to go by instinct! Which food sets off my treasure hunting sense? That one! The stir fried maggot and kagu bug with braised mushroom! So slimy! !#@#$!! But it's good!* Wu Na, Zhang ZhengXiong, and Little Ye Tian quickly tasted it. As for the rest, they didn't dare wantonly attempt it. Little Ye Tian used her superior analytical ability, but the only answer she got was that they were all unknown. There were only a few times in her life that she felt so uneasy. The first time was when she was worried about being an artificial life. The second was when she felt her father's bloodthirst. The third when she saw her father's memory and felt his emotions. This was the fourth. She looked at FrozenCloud and Lele on the ground, and couldn't stop shivering. *How should I pick...* She looked at her father. "Father, what do you think?" 

The only answer she got was Ye Cang's shrug. "I also don't know... Part of the happiness of cooking is finding the right flavor. If you don't try, you'll never know..." 

"Umm, Bro. The things you've made up till now, we didn't even need to try to know that it's special. It was worse than a chemistry experiment..." Zhang ZhengXiong couldn't help ridiculing, but received a slap on the back of the head.

"The food I make is all natural, with no artificial flavoring!"

FrozenCloud, who was resurrected by Little Ye Tian, roasted him in her mind. *It's an all natural biological weapon.* She then looked to Little Ye Tian with both love and hate in her eyes. *Why did you have to resurrect me now.*

Little Ye Tian looked at her with eyes of gratitude, and consoled her as if she had just resurrected a lab rat. "Revive's cooldown is 10 minutes. Don't die too fast... please..."

"......" FrozenCloud's mind was in chaos.
