---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 262"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 262: Entering the Hive**

The two pets were no longer newborns and had entered their infancy stage, gaining some combat ability. Little Ren roared, activating an aoe buff. His two thick arms swung his claws, helping everyone rip through the bugs. Little Rations also brandished its scythes. The pressure on Ye Cang and FrozenCloud reduced, allowing them to last for a while longer.

Ye Cang saw that they could temporarily cope, so decided to back up again and drink some magic springwater. Thinking about something, he took out a fried maggot. It had some magic springwater mixed in so also had decent mana recovery effect. The two mana recovery effects and one health recovery all stacked! He quickly threw a piece of fried maggot at Little Ye Tian and Wu Na each. "Hurry and eat while you drink. Eating and drinking stacks! A'Xiong, you too!"

SpyingBlade looked back at the four people sitting in a circle as if they were on a picnic. They were all spellcasters. Although the scum could fight in melee, but it was likely that many of his skills used mana, and his healing stream healed much more than Little Tian's Rejuvenating Light. Having him in the party allowed for many variations in tactics. Being an allrounder wasn't something anyone could do though. He continued to carefully dodge attacks and retaliate as he turned to look at the two pets. The two pets' grade were pretty good, and their attacks weren't weak.

Lin Le had exhausted his supply of molotovs. Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong had healed about enough, so they quickly took over for the tired and injured pets. Next, Little Ye Tian's mana filled up, allowing the front line to once again become stable. Pearls of Light, Healing Light, Rejuvenate. FrozenCloud saw that her health, which was at a measly 5% quickly rose to 35%, allowing her to relax a little. The kagu bug Little Rations began gnawing on the kagu bee corpses. Its somewhat cracked exoskeleton began to restore itself. Little Ren ate the fried maggots that Little Ye Tian threw out for him, restoring his health.

Finally, after exhausting Little Ye Tian's mana a second time, and with no one having more than 15% health, the attacking swarm finally stopped. The flames slowly extinguished, revealing the hundreds of kagu bee corpses as well as the tens of elite kagu bug guards. They all sighed in relief. Thank god the queen hadn't come out. Without even looting a single corpse, they quickly sat down to heal up. They chose two food buffs that wouldn't knock them out, and rapidly recovered.

Then, Lin Le and Ye Cang got to work. Lin Le would loot one, then Ye Cang would chop it up and throw it into the cart, collecting the stingers. To speed it up, everyone else was also put on looting duty. The drops were very generous. There was enough for everyone to get 10 pieces of equipment, at least 5 of which were masterwork quality. Altogether, there were 3 distinguished quality items. A heavy axe, a chitin shoulderguards, and a pair of black boots. No one used axes so Ye Cang tossed it into the handcart. The chitin shoulder guard was taken by SpyingBlade, and the boots by FrozenCloud. As for the materials, they piled up in Lin Le's handcart, filling it to about 70% capacity. Once they had cleaned up the tunnel, Ye Cang said happily, "We have enough to eat for a long time..."

"......" No one made a sound. The deep fried bees were still acceptable. At least it wouldn't knock them out.

"The queen bee or king whatever didn't come out which is a pleasant surprise, otherwise we really would have met our ends here." FrozenCloud said.

"The queen and king don't easily leave the hive. That's just how the species are." Little Ye Tian jumped onto Little Ration's back and sat down. Little Ration's carried Little Ye Tian and flew around. FrozenCloud sighed. This sort of pet was worth a lot, especially since it can fly while carrying others. "How long can it fly for?"

"About 10 minutes. Flying really drains its stamina." Little Ye Tian said, observing the change in its attribute.

Lin Le pouted. He looked towards his Little Ren, and humphed. *Yours can fly, but my Little Ren can jump really high and run really fast.* "Right Little Ren?"

The tiger headed and tiger brained Little Ren just looked at him blankly and nodded. Ye Cang took out some extra equipment from the cart. "Lele, let him try wearing these"

Lin Le happily took the equipment and began to try putting them on Little Ren. In the end, they determined that he could wear a necklace, helmet, breastplate, belt, greaves, shoulderguards, armguards, 2 rings, and an accessory. For boots, he would need special ones, and he could hold any weapon but wasn't used to using it. Finally, with Lin Le's playing around, a pet that was comparable in stats to Ye Cang, besides intelligence and wisdom, was born. It awkwardly held onto the Distinguished axe that just dropped before.

"Let's take a break. I'm tired." Ye Cang sat down on the spot. SpyingBlade also didn't complain, he also really needed a break to let his mind relax a bit in preparation for the upcoming boss battle. He turned his head and watched Lin Le teach Little Ren how to use an axe. *F\*\*k, he uses claw type weapons and you want him to use axes and swords? However, Little Ren is learning really fast. It hadn't been long yet he can already sort of imitate the movements.* He saw him use a quadruple strike. *Eh~ he can even use his skills with a weapon?*

"Bro, Little Ren looks so domineering. Next time we return to town, we should have him walk behind us. It'll look so awesome." Zhang ZhengXiong smiled and watched Little Ren, who was almost as tall as he was, swinging an axe.

"Not bad." Ye Cang nodded, pleased with the idea. FrozenCloud covered her forehead. She recalled the time back in Really New Village, when she had acted as a servant girl. She sighed, and went to chat about the newest makeup with Wu Na, relieving her stress.

After an hour break, Ye Cang clapped his hands, signalling everyone to get up. "Alright, let's go fight the boss..."

Little Ren, with Lin Le's instructions, had already become a tigerkin fighter. He stood with his battle axe, imitating Lin Le's movements, down to the act of reaching down to scratch his butt. He breathed heavily through his nose, giving him a hot headed aura.

Little Ye Tian cast blessings on the party, then sat down to eat and drink. Once she was recovered, they advanced towards the clearing to deal with the remaining stray kagu bees.

Ye Cang once again made his way over. There was no longer anything inside the clearing. He made a handsign signalling that it was safe, then walked in. He looked up at the hive that was hanging 30 meters above their head. It looked very lonely with nothing around it. There were two vine like things, that were likely attached to the hive by the maggots, making a bridge. Ye Cang brought everyone to the bridge, and climbed upwards. The view from the top was pretty good. The upper parts of the sandy wall had a glowing crystal. They had already learned in Really New Village that this sort of crystal promoted the growth of monsters...

The party entered the hive. The first thing they noticed was that it was warm and moist. Everywhere they looked was rhombus shaped lattices, inside of which were newborn larva. Ye Cang wanted to pillage the place but was stop by everyone, so he could only give up. Still, he harvest some of the kagu honey.

"It seems like the guards stationed inside also came out to attack us. The boss should be up at the top." Little Ye Tian said after noticing no guards were inside.
