---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 263"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Hazery"
---

**Chapter 263: Ye Cang's Emotions**

Zhang ZhengXiong dodged the queen's stinger, his warhammer intersecting with her scythe like arms. With the force of her dive backing her, he was knocked back countless meters before finally stopping. His two hands nearly dropped his warhammer in the collision. He issued a berserk roar and rushed back to counterattack. Holy Judgement!

FrozenCloud was tanking the king, but she clearly wasn't as steady as Zhang ZhengXiong. The tigerkin Little Ren followed closely behind her supporting her back. After blocking, one human and one tiger slid countless meters before coming to a stop. Little Ren drew his heavy axe and leaped towards the king, chopping at him. Lin Le also leapt from the other side with his enormous blade raised high.

The king raised his scythes, blocking the attacks from the pair. His two eyes flashed red, then tens of wind blades shot out like a mad gale. Lin Le was hit by many of them, dropping his health to ⅓. His rage was now full, so he directly activated Berserk and charged back. He pulled his black sword out and stuck it into the ground, activating it's ability. A black corrosive field sprung up, encompassing the hive. He then activated his ring's ability. Little Ye Tian quickly healed him, and cast a shield on him. Little Ren, the tigerkin, also took a large amount of damage. He flipped in the air, falling to the ground. He hefted his heavy axe, and roared, activating his area attack buff, then he once again leaped into battle.

FrozenCloud had protected her vitals with her two claws, so didn't take too much damage. She looked at the king, who was still immobile after casting that big spell. Chance! She quickly activated her martial artist robe's and bracelets' buffs! Next, she stepped off the ground, dashing over for a Collapsing Palm which fiercely smashed into his stomach. Wolverine Strike! Triple Strike! Wyvern Kick! Heavy Strike! Shoryuken!

Lin Le performed a Sword Drawing Art + Whirlwind Strike, dealing extremely terrifying damage. Little Ren also hacked down fiercely with his heavy axe. Unlike Lele, Little Ren was an agile heavy weapon's user.

The king, who had just recovered, was crucified by Ye Cang's Meteor Shot and Wu Na's Ice Spear! The queen, seeing the king's miserable condition, issued a tragic screech. Like a gale, she rushed towards the king. Although SpyingBlade was somewhat moved, but he was still moving towards her. He leapt up and intercepted her, brandishing his two swords. He damaged the queen's wings, making her fall to the ground. SpyingBlade landed confidently, bug blood dripping down his sword. He reversed his grip on his sword and once again charged over.

It was really one disaster after another for this king queen pair. Zhang ZhengXiong's Barbaric Tackle knocked them together. Ye Cang sighed. This time's battle had ended fairly quickly. He looked at the newly spawned eggs nearby. No wonder they hadn't come out. They were guarding their eggs. However, the reason didn't matter to his group. Taking this time, he put away his heavy crossbow and drew his pike. He charged over along with his shadow images. *No matter where, the world is always cruel. One has to either kill or be killed. Sorry...*

Ye Cang saw that even on their deathbeds, they struggled to protect the eggs. The queen and king continued to desperately crawl in that direction. FrozenCloud couldn't stand it anymore. Ye Cang looked up, then looked at the king and queen together. He clenched his teeth, and stabbed through their heads. He then looked at the countless eggs and sighed. His firm grip on his pike slowly loosened and he said, "Lele, loot the corpses so we can leave."

Zhang ZhengXiong knew what Ye Cang was thinking about. This was like those TV shows where the male and female lead die together, never leaving each other. *Bro he still cries in his room by himself sometimes. Even now, he regrets not being able to save sister, and hates himself.*

Ye Cang slowly walked out of the hive, and thought about the price of his awakening. He could no longer feel the love between man and woman. He knew what it was, but he couldn't feel it anymore. All he had left was his memories of it. He knew Nana's feelings, but he no longer had that passion that should exist between man and woman. All that was left in his heart was stagnant water that never rippled. *The best I can do is to not hurt her.* He slowly looked back at the enormous hive. *Will I have have to experience that feeling of loss once again?*

"What's wrong with Team Leader? The him just now was scary. He not only didn't suggest taking the eggs, he didn't even take the boss's corpses. It's making me feel rather uneasy..." FrozenCloud said weakly after a while.

"My bro, he..." Before Zhang ZhengXiong could finish, Ye Cang had already returned.

"I've thought it over. Let's rob this place clean."

"......" Wu Na, Zhang ZhengXiong, Little Ye Tian and the others were speechless, but secretly sighed in relief. They watched as Ye Cang chopped up the king and queen, tossing them into the cart, but he still didn't touch those eggs. He looted the valuable kagu royal jelly, and took the items that Lin Le had looted. "A sword again. SpyingBlade, do you want it?"

SpyingBlade nodded, taking the sword, and equipping it in his offhand. He looked at Ye Cang with a profound gaze and smiled. "Whatever the case, treasure what you have now."

Ye Cang froze, then smiled back. "I know... bastard..."

Veins throbbed on SpyingBlade's forehead. He had the urge to hit him. "Scum..."

"Father..." Little Ye Tian thought of something. Ye Cang pet her head. "I'm not so weak, just a bit sad. You know I hate watching Korean dramas..."

Little Ye Tian's heart ached. She knew how strong he was. His beloved granny is gone, leaving him an orphan. His beloved fiancee too. Even knowing he was an artificial lifeform, it didn't make him hateful, other than hating himself. He still protected those around him, doing everything he can, even if it meant having his hands stained with blood.

Wu Na recalled the time she had watched a korean drama with him. Part way through, he had left for the washroom and come back with unusually red eyes. She recalled the story Zhang ZhengXiong had told them. *What exactly happened in his past?*

"Brother Lil'White, let's go eat ramen later!" Lin Le happily said. Ye Cang wrapped an arm around Lin Le and another around the Little Ren who was bigger than him. "Alright! Why wait? I'll make it right now!"

Besides Little Ration who was minding its own business, everyone's faces sank. They all glared at Lin Le. *Saying unnecessary things!* Lin Le saw the look everyone was giving him and pouted. Unwilling to give up, he continued, "I meant we should go to old Li's to eat..."

Everyone saw that Ye Cang had already begun making the ramen, wolf barbeque, and slimy skeleton soup. As for vegetables, there was stink shroom and something covered in spirit residue. After eating it and hovering between life and death for a while, they continued exploring the area.

"Father, I believe that this is all we'll find here. This probably isn't the only insect nest. A species that breeds so fast can't possible have only one nest." Hearing Ye Tian's words, without any better options, they decided to leave. They left the bug nest and walked towards Black Rock City.

Black Rock City.

After clearing a path of carnage and returning, they saw that it was starting to become more populated. Many people looked towards Ye Cang's party, making a racket. "It's Really New Village's three bros and the beautiful handcart sisters! They have new members! A mage beauty! And a tigerkin heavy axe fighter! Wow! So awesome! Isn't that a race that only appears in other zones!?"

Ye Cang distributed the labour. The beautiful handcart sisters once again pushed the handcart to peddle goods. Wu Na was also assigned into this group. She hid her face and looked to FrozenCloud. "How do you deal with this?"

"I'm used to it..." FrozenCloud sighed. She looked at Little Ye Tian who had begun to smack her shield and shout, "Come! Take a look! Newly obtained, high quality equipment! Come look and be surprised! Fair prices for everyone!"

Wu Na looked at the growing crowd, and wanted to find a hole to crawl into. She heard FrozenCloud's voice beside her, "Don't you want to be a singer? Aren't you going to be in a concert? How can you cower in this sort of situation?"

Wu Na hesitated. *That's right! How can I stand on a big stage if I can't even adapt to this?* She took a deep breath, and put on her usual lovable smile. "Everyone come have a look! Little brother over there, you look like a tyrannical character. I have the perfect equipment for you. Eh~~? Too expensive? Get lost. Commoners should just explode..."

"....." FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. *Aren't you adapting too fast.*

Not far away, a majestic man, LordAsked, watched the three handcart sisters. "How is NalanPureSoul related to them?"

"His sister, NalanMoon, was with them in Really New Village's main questline. Their leader was Brother hero. He had fought CloudDragon before, but the battle was short. He probably doesn't have any relation with NalanPureSoul. He and CloudDragon were the main leads in the wolf god quest..." LordGrinned replied.

"That brat Fighting King, I'll deal with him slowly. It's good that they have no relation. Keep an eye on them. NalanPureSoul that transvestite, I'll definitely fight you this time. You actually dare to play tricks during the competition. I hate people who do that the most. Especially that transvestite - NalanPureSoul and that Li family wench!" LordAsked smiled proudly.

"Umm, bro. You and FlameEmperor graduated together right?" LordGrinned stated. Veins throbbed on LordAsked's forehead. He heavily smacked LordGrinned's head. "That's why I'm in a bad mood! In the five schools competitions, I almost defeated him! It's all the fault of that Li family girl for tricking me and stabbing me in the back!"

"Umm, bro. Cousin Li is older than you by 2 months..." LordGrinned said, in pain.

LordAsked glared at LordGrinned, veins throbbing. *This brat!* He exploded, beginning to curse and beat, "Teach you to blab your mouth! Teach you to make fun of me! Whose side are you on!"

NalanPureSoul, who had just returned to town, happened to see the three girls pushing the handcart and selling. He looked to the side and saw LordAsked taking his anger out on his subordinate, and sighed. NalanMoon stated, "LordGrinned probably said something to provoke LordAsked again. That guy never learns."

"It's not the first time." NalanPureSoul only glanced over.
