---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 265"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 265: The Four**

Mr Qin sighed for the umpteenth time. These two guys were terrible at studying, but it didn't affect their ability to form trigrams at all. They were martial arts demons, both were qualified to see the Four Holy Beasts Diagram! The Four Holy Beasts were skills that even he himself could only use two of: White Tiger, and a bit of Black Tortoise. This was something that required more than just a bit of talent. Not a single thing could be lacking out of: observation, form, practice, and comprehension. Could these two do it? "This is the Four Holy Beast Diagram, try it out."

Zhang ZhengXiong shakily attempted it, suddenly creating the roar of an Azure Dragon. Lin Le's body bore the ferocity of a tiger. The two of them were like the Holy Beasts' incarnations, drawing the power of heaven and earth. They had actually done it! Mr Qin's mouth hung wide open. In the past, he himself had only comprehended two little parts of the Four Heavenly Beasts Diagram! They had completely learned it! ZhengXiong was the noble Azure Dragon while Lele was the ferocious White Tiger. They could both incarnate as one of the four beasts! This... Besides CloudDragon, now there was two more. *Haha... Although they're not my sons, but they're my disciples! They're pretty much part of our Qin family!* "Good! Good! Yin and Yang represents heaven and earth. The Trigrams and Four Holy Beasts are all part of Yin and Yang. Now, show me the power of your Azure Dragon and White Tiger forms!"

Mr Qin left hand formed a Yang White Tiger fire trigram, and his right hand formed a Yin Black Tortoise thunder trigram. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le exchanged a glance, then the courtyard was filled with the roars of dragon and tiger. Although they had lost quite miserably, Mr Qin was pretty satisfied. These disciples of his were quite promising. The Qin family had two renowned techniques: The Yin Yang Trigram Technique and Heavenly Dragon Arts. The Heavenly Dragon Arts were vastly more popular than the Yin Yang Trigram Technique, but his branch of the family had always practiced the Yin Yang Trigram Technique. The Heavenly Dragon Arts were certainly powerful, but they were both based on the concepts behind the Trigrams, Four Holy Beasts, and Yin and Yang. Moreover, they shared many common moves and styles. The Heavenly Dragon Arts, founded by the brother Qin Long (Dragon) and Qin Tian (Heaven), were more simple and powerful, able to directly deal more damage. However, the Heavenly Trigram Technique was in no way inferior! It cultivated the mind, body, and qi!

Old Grandfather Qin appeared. Ye Cang, quickly escaped from the balcony, and closed the window. *The old mental patient has come...*

"San! You told me you received two gifted new disciples. I didn't believe you at the time. Who would have thought they were really heaven defying geniuses. Heavenly Beast Incarnation? Hah~ such good youngsters are wasted on you. This oaf should clearly be learning Heavenly Dragon Arts with me." Old Qin said with a bright smile.

"Father, how can you not leave a successor for the Heavenly Trigram style! A'Xiong, don't get tricked by this old man." Mr Qin said unhappily as he dispelled his White Tiger and Black Tortoise trigrams.

Zhang ZhengXiong slowly got up off the ground and laughed. Lin Le also got up, and blinked. "I'm hungry..."

"Alright, our branch of the family has always learned it, me being an exception. But it really doesn't fit him. Anyways, where's that white hair?" The two of them made Old Qin recall the brat who had punched him in the stomach twice.

Mr Qin made an evil smile and pointed to Ye Cang's room's balcony.

Ye Cang sighed, then opened the window and called out to Old Qin. "Old Qin, long time no see! You seem even more energetic than before! Hahaha~ Ahahaha~!"

"Come down~ this time I'll use 50% of my strength to play with you!" Old Qin smiled and tried to compel him.

Ye Cang sighed and leapt down. "Wait till I'm ready! I'm really frail... Incoming! Lightning Plasma!!"

Old Qin was distressed. *F\*\*k! Another surprise attack!* He looked at the crisscrossing lights formed from punches. It was another move stolen from the Saints, and from one of the 12 golden saints! "Thunder Style - Dance of Wind and Thunder!"

A tornado with crackling thunder shot out from his fist shredding everything in front. Ye Cang faintly smiled. As fast as lightning, he raised his hand, preparing to chop as if raising a sword. "Athena's Holy Sword! Chop!"

His chop split the turbulent air, cutting towards Old Qin's shoulder. "Thunder Style! Cloudseize!"

His two hands became like lightning rods with thunder bouncing between them, blocking the cut. Old Qin exclaimed in admiration. Ever since last time, he was aware that this brat was stronger than he looked. His scrawny body seemed to be able to produce an unnatural amount of strength. The feeling on his hand suddenly disappeared, and a voice lacking any enthusiasm shouted out, "Take this! Chidori! Lightning Cutter (Raikiri)!"

Lightning boomed, forming into a blade. Zhang ZhengXiong broke out in cold sweat. Ye Cang had painstakingly plagiarized many cartoon attacks. This took more than just physical strength and was only something you could do once you reach a certain level. Zhang ZhengXiong could at most imitate some stuff from Fist of the North Star. Saint Seiya was still too difficult.

"Good brat! Chidori is it!? My Turn! Water and Fire Soaring Howling Fist!" Old Qin performed a fierce energy shockwave. Ye Cang laughed mischievously. He swayed a bit and then disappeared. Old Qin hesitated over whether he should increase to 60% strength. The boy had too many strange and shady moves, while already being a speed type body enhancing esper. *Not good!* A white figure flashed by the corner of his vision, moving like lightning. He covered his body with qi, careful not to suffer another Three Fold Force!

"Rising!" Ye Cang began to roar. Old Qin quickly tried to determine which saint seiya attack it was!

"Pegasus!" Ye Cang shouted once again. Old Qin reacted by circulating his Qi. 

"Diamond!" Ye Cang continued to shout.

*Dammit! Which one is it!!?* Old Qin was already prepared to defend with his hands.

"Phoenix, psych! Strong Diamond Finger!!" Ye Cang stabbed forwards with his thumb. His finger passed between Old Qin's fingers and struck his waist.

Crack~!

"God dammit! Owww! My waist!!" A painful scream emerged.

Ye Cang smoothly pulled back his finger and ran for it, becoming a flash of white light. He appeared behind Mr Qin, "Lord Qin is truly unrivalled..."

Old Qin held his waist with one hand, the pain made him gasp. *That little bastard! He did it again! F\*\*k, so black hearted at such a young age. Even with 50% strength it wasn't enough.* Mr Qin smiled in a very good mood and said quietly, "Good son-in-law, well done..."

"Stinking brat, get out of the way! I'm going to kill him!!"

"Father! This is Zhen'er's only hope!"

"Aaah!! Remember this! I'll pay this back 10 fold! Ah, my waist, my poor waist. Would it kill you to hold back a bit!"

"Lord Qin is truly unrivalled..."

"F\*\*k off!!"

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le continued to train while Ye Cang, Mr Qin and Old Qin sat at a pavilion by an artificial lake.

"Stinking brat, there's a banquet later. Many of my good friends are coming. Remember to act like a weakling and I'll think of a way to make them test you out. At that time, use whatever Strong Diamond Finger or Three Fold Force you want." Old Qin words made Ye Cang raise his brows and sweat, but he still nodded in the end.

"Little Ye, when you're up against Old Li, remember to use a bit more strength. He once hit my head when I was a kid..." Mr Qin said while drinking tea and eating snacks, making Ye Cang feel that this family was seeming more and more shameful. As expected, truly father and son. "I got it."

Mr Qin looked at his phone and and then said with a smile. "Today, the Ji family son was not only robbed of even his clothes on the train, he was even written on. Let me see. 'I shouldn't make irresponsible remarks while people are playing card games. I was wrong. Sorry.' It even happened on the day that girl YanRu was going to pick him up..."

Old Qin also laughed, "It's as embarrassing as Chang Yue that year. Haha~"

Ye Cang stroked his chin, thinking about something. The sunglasses guy seemed vaguely familiar. It seems as if the people they were talking about was himself, A'Xiong and Lele. He calmly nodded and said, "It really is embarrassing. Hah~ those people are too excessive..."

...

Evening Banquet.

Ye Cang and the others specially dressed up for the banquet. Even though it was hot, they still wore very appropriate clothing such as a suit and whatnot. However, they were acting like they were on a fieldtrip.

"Brother Lil'White, Brother Lil'White! What's this, what's this!? It's so yummy, and feels so classy!" Lin Le cried out.

"It's looks like a something something caviar thing." Ye Cang wasn't very sure.

"Caviar made with wild sturgeon..." Little Ye Tian briefly explained.

"Tsk~ a bunch of country bumpkins..." A man said from not far away. Ye Cang looked around. When he was sure that no one was looking over, he nodded towards Zhang ZhengXiong. 

Zhang ZhengXiong giggled. He covered the man's mouth, and dragged him behind a curtain. The four of them ganged up on him, then returned to their original spots and chatted as if nothing had happened.

Mr Qin saw the entire thing, and sweat nervously. None of those guys were easy to deal with. Today thanks to that little girl's accounting ability, they had discovered that there was someone embezzling from the company, and not just for one or two years.

Mrs Qin pulled Little Ye Tian over and thanked her, then sighed. "If only I had a daughter like you who is smart, not lesbian, obedient, and can definitely find a husband. Hah..."

ThornyRose's grip on her cup tightened. "Umm, mother. I'm right here..."

"My bad, I didn't notice..." Mrs Qin smiled.

"That wretched woman..." ThornyRose roared in her mind.

"Young man! Come hit me once. Old Qin's grand-son-in-law looks like such a weakling... Tsk tsk..." An old man from the Li family spoke out.

"Umm, I'm very strong..." Ye Cang said, feeling displeased.

"Humph, just use all your strength. If it's you, just 20%..." Before he could even finish, "My stomach!"

"Haha, Old Li, you've aged! Young man! Come at me once! Don't think that I'm like Old Li! I'll also only use 20%..." Some Zhang family old man laughed.

"My waist! Old Qin! This is the defence penetrating Strong Diamond Finger! You tricked me!"

Old Qin pulled Ye Cang over. "Aah~ much better. Good grandson-in-law! Haha! Ahahaha!!"

All the old fellows were directing deadly gazes at Ye Cang, so he calmly said, "Umm, this is all Old Qin's idea. He made me do it. I didn't want to..."

He then immediately separated from Old Qin and disappeared from the banquet hall like a flash of lightning. Old Qin broke out in cold sweat. *That rascal, can he do anything besides scheming and running!?* "I did warn you all. Who told you all to act so arrogant? You can't blame him."

In the end, they began to squabble like cats and dogs, and the banquet ended.
