---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 266"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 266: Zombie Survival**

After the banquet. ThornyRose notified everyone to meet up at the club later. Ye Cang heard that it was because of a limited edition skirt. There was only one of it; she and some BornFlirty woman were fighting over it, neither willing to give it up, so tonight, they would be competing against some Beauties at the Crossfire group.

Ye Cang sighed, women...

...

DiFeng city, Beauties at the Crossfire club.

ThornyRose brought her members to an extravagant little castle. "Such bad taste... a castle..."

"Better than that wild place of yours..." A lovely voice said. A long haired, sexy woman wearing red appeared in front of everyone. Her figure was both graceful and provocative. Behind her were many men and women. She was currently examining the unfamiliar faces. *Those should be Really New Village's so called Three Brothers. ThornyRose's new trump card.*

"Ok, talk. What kind of competition tonight?" ThornyRose got straight to the point.

"Random..." BornFlirty smiled.

The two teams arrived in the stadium. ThornyRose and BornFlirty glared at each other. Sparks could almost be seen between them.

"Those two know each other?" Ye Cang turned and asked FrozenBlood.

"Good friends from the same school in the same class..."

Hearing FrozenBlood, both of them simultaneously roared, "Who's friend with her!"

"However, they committed countless social blunders while fighting over being class monitor, class beauty, grades, campus belle..." ElegantFragrance continued the explanation. 

"So they were girlfriends until their love became a grudge... Hah~ such a shame..." Ye Cang sighed. He had already filled in their thrilling love story in his mind. 

"So moving..." Lin Le also started coming up with a beautiful lesbian story. The two of them made ThornyRose and BornFlirty speechless.

"Alright, pick the competition type and mode, then start." BornFlirty sighed.

The holographic image began to change, shuffling through the various types of games and modes, finally landing on Corpse Horde Survival. Both sides can choose their participants. 7 on each team for a total of 14.

"I've never played this map before. Random really has too many maps, it's rare to see repeats. It looks like a zombie infested city from hundreds of years ago, when they relied on firearms. The description even says we will lose communication, and we'll be dropped off at some random zombie infested location. Finally, the winner is the one who escapes first or eliminates the other team, understand?"

Ye Cang and Lin Le both shook their heads, making ThornyRose feel stifled. "In other words, try to find your teammates and kill any enemies!"

"Oh..." The two of them nodded.

"5, 4, 3, 2, 1... Start!"

Ye Cang felt the scenery change. He had already appeared at a riverside near a bridge. A panel in front of him showed that he had the stats of an ordinary person, with merely 53 health. Spreading his senses, he noticed some signs of activity. Looking over, he saw a zombie dressed like a hooligan slowly shambling over towards him while moaning. It was clearly hostile. He calmly walked over to it, reached out, and smashed its head into a wall, splattering its brains all over the place. As he was about to go to the river to wash his hands, he saw that on the zombies waist was a 60cm long machete. He got a weapon...

Ye Cang hummed a tune as he crouched down by the river to wash the brain matter off his hand. Grabbing the machete, he climbed up a grassy hill and reached a street. Hiding behind some cars, he began to examine his surroundings. Zombies were scattered all over the place. From the buildings, it didn't seem like there was anything important, and he wasn't sure if he could find equipment anywhere nearby. A zombie in the car suddenly got up. Ye Cang raised his brows and stabbed right through its head, between its eyebrows. He then pulled his knife out and opened the car door. Searching the inside, he found an old pistol which was fairly heavy. Examining it, he he saw some english words. Colt? He equipped it at his waist. The car's GPS navigation could still be used, but it was out of gas. He looked at the things on the map, he used it's smart service and said, "Where is the nearest police station?"

"Forwards 100 meters. Turn left. Continue for 300 meters." A digital voice came out from the car speakers. Ye Cang got out of the car and looked at the judgement day scene under a clear blue sky. The desolate streets of a lifeless city. Holding his knife in his left hand, he began to walk towards the police station. Looking at the few wandering zombies, he simply swung his blade and 3 heads fell. His walking pace hadn't been effected at all. Without any fear or danger, he approached the police station. Looking at the tens of Zombies with bulletproof vests and riot helmets gathered at the doorway, He pulled out his gun and with one shot, a bullet pierced through the neck of one and into the throat of another. While slowly retreating, he continued to fire. This gun had a strong recoil, which meant its' power was also strong, and it handled pretty well. With 13 bullets, he dealt with 15 zombies, leaving less than 10. Putting his gun away, he rushed forward with his knife. The only attackable place was its throat and waist, so it wouldn't be easy to deal with them all in close range. Moreover, no one knows if being injured would cause infection or death them. It wasn't worth taking chances. Seeing a nearby fire-escape ladder, he began to do parkour. Dodging past zombies, he stepped off a trashcan and leaped, grabbing onto the fire-escape ladder. With a swing, he got his legs up and quickly began climbing. On the roof, he ran and leapt onto the police stations roof, entering the police station's fourth floor through a hatch. With his knife drawn, he began to search room by room for weapons and ammunition. Seeing a pretty female zombie rush out of a filing room, his two hands instantly slaughtered her. He found a few bullets on her which were of a smaller caliber than he needed, but he decided to toss them into the backpack he found earlier anyways. 

Looking around at the english labels, he found what should be the door to the arms storage. He carefully opened it. It seems that in the confusion, they had even forgotten to lock this place. The inside was a mess, but there were still many things left. He found an M-16 assault rifle, a tactical shotgun, a sub-machinegun, etc. Ye Cang chose to equip himself with two high caliber colt pistols, and wore a bulletproof vest. He changed into military trousers, SWAT boots, and black anti-slip gloves. Slung over his shoulder was an M-16, and on his back was a heavy calibre sniper rifle. He hung some grenades around his body, then stuffed even more bullets and grenades into his backpack. Finally, he grabbed a rubber band to tie up his hair, fastening his gloves tight, and checked his AWP sniper rifle. "Armed and read..."

Zhang ZhengXiong didn't find a police station, but he found a fire department. He changed into a bright orange firefighter suit, holding a fireman axe, and began to carefully look for allies or enemies. As for Lin Le, he actually spawned in a military base. After dealing with a few zombies, he opened up the armored car and found that it had two mounted heavy machine guns, as well as a guided missile launcher, an RPG rocket launcher, some missiles for the RPG, as well as some heavy firearms which were stored in the car as backup weapons. He then went to some nearby armored cars, siphoning their gas and arming himself to the teeth. He drove out of the military base towards the streets. "Call me super soldier Lele! Haha!!"

Meanwhile, ThornyRose was holding a wretched dagger thinking: *F\*\*k, why is the police station so far away!? And there are so many zombies on the way.*

BornFlirty held onto a butterfly knife in an adjacent neighborhood. She was also looking at the horde of zombies that blocked her way to the police station. There were just too many, what could she do? She noticed that there was a sewer lid nearby, and another one by the police station. *!@#$!! It stinks!*
