---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 267"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 267: Two Woman Standoff

The camouflage patterned armored car drove past the police station, crushing countless zombies on the way. Inside was a little guy laughing and shouted "Die!" Activating autopilot, he climbed onto the roof and controlled a mounted heavy machine gun in each hand. Tatata~ Bullets pierced countless zombies, shooting them full of holes, causing their organs to spill out. The streets were completely purged, leaving only one man standing. "Haha! Super soldier on duty! Ahaha!"

BornFlirty peaked her head out from the sewer lid and saw this tyrannical scene. She broke out in cold sweat and immediately dropped back down. *That guy shouldn't care about the equipment in the police station. He's already armed for a fricken war!* She carefully crawled out of the sewers and snuck into the police station.

ThornyRose wanted to shout out to Lin Le and have him pick her up, but he was already driving further and further away, leaving only the sound of his laughter behind. *Hah~ I should still go check the police station.* She turned and entered from the backdoor... 

At this time, Ye Cang had arrived at the top of a building and was examining the area with his AWP sniper. *Eh, isn't that Lele? Pretty good, he's already got an armored car. He's even got mounted machine guns and rocket launchers.*

...

Bang~

"You're still too green." FrozenBlood said, pulling the trigger of her pistol, killing off a Beauties at the Crossfire member. She looked towards a nearby vending machine, shot it open, and grabbed a can of orange juice. "The best part of these old settings is that we can eat and drink foods from the past."

FrozenBlood opened another brand of orange juice and drank it. "So I can choose between artificial flavours or preservatives is it? Looks like the textbooks were right. The food in those times, if it wasn't poisonous, it was loaded with artificial flavours, additives, or preservatives."

Although she said those words, she still continued to drink happily. "This is still like fine liquor compared to Team Leader's stuff..."

...

FrozenCloud's spawning point was a bit awkward. She started in the middle of a highschool which was completely swarming with zombies. It was difficult for her to even get out. Whether it was the rooftop or the playground, it was all crowded. Any rash actions would have her torn to pieces.

At this time, a plane flew by in the sky, broadcasting a message. "Survivors please pay attention! Survivors please pay attention! Newyork city's last refuge evacuation is to the north at Alisa Harbor! It will only wait for 15 minutes!"

Ye Cang checked the time and looked at some gps equipment had had brought with him. He had more than enough time, so decided to headshot ThornyRose first. *Teach her to stalk me...*

Zhang ZhengXiong pulled out his fireman axe from the neck of a male enemy. He reached out and pushed back his hood. "3 hours, let's slowly head over..."

As for super solder Lin, he blinked and looked at ElegantFragrance, who was in his armored car. "You're really my ally? You're not tricking me right? Liar's will have their pants set on fire! They really will! Some random passerbyer on the street will give you 50 cents with eyes full of pity! They really will! You better not trick me!"

ElegantFragrance had been empty handed and happened to meet this armored car. She explained to this boy with the surname Lin, who still doubted her identity, and this was how things ended up. She was completely speechless. *What does he mean that I will be given 50 cents by some stranger!? And we've already met a few times! This lady is still a beauty. How can you not remember me!?* "We're really on the same team! What do I have to say to make you believe me! Do you want some reference letter or something!!?"

"Strip. Incase you're hiding some weapons and plan to sneak attack me." Lin Le smiled and pointed a submachine gun at her.

"......" ElegantFragrance looked at the car's open hatch, her mind in chaos.

...

Ye Cang moved to another building and saw that two people were fighting. Lil'Dino, who had managed to escape from the highschool, was fighting some woman. They were surrounded by zombies who were making their way over. What should he do? They were tangled together so it was hard to snipe, and her opponent's equipment appeared to be superior. He sighed and pulled the trigger.

Bang~!

One shot blew up both their heads.

FrozenCloud and three opponents were now in the waiting room. FrozenCloud could see a replay of her death. *Team Leader... Just how evil are you! Clearly I was winning, yet you decide to kill us both! Even though we were surrounded by zombies, you could have let me try!* She switched to observe Little Ye Tian. The little girl was driving a taxi looking all over the place, while slowly heading north. This girl actually had a brain, unlike the other three who were not even thinking about escaping. They simply wanted to kill zombies or whatever. She also heard something ominous when she flashed by Team Leader's view. "Where's ThornyRose? Ah~~ I really want to blow her head off..."

...

Inside the police station.

BornFlirty had just found a revolver when she heard some activity. She quickly hid around a corner and checked the barrel. There was a full 6 bullet. ThornyRose had also found an identical revolver. She also sensed some activity and slowly made her way over. *Someone's there! Is it an enemy or ally!?*

BornFlirty was also unsure, but if she called out, the other will have a step up on her from knowing her identity. That would be bad if it was an enemy. The two of them both chose to bide their time, waiting for the other to make the first move. After a long time, ThornyRose pinched her nose and called out, "You a Rose or a Beauty?"

The other party's quick wits made BornFlirty sigh. They actually thought to pinch their nose to become hard to recognize. She also did the same. "You first. You a Rose or a Beauty!?"

"You first!!" ThornyRose shouted.

"No, you first!!" BornyFlirty shouted back.

So, the two of them reached a deadlock. They were at least both sure that the other party was a woman, eliminating all the male members. They were currently at a u shaped stairwell, and each of them was on one side. They slowly started to move towards the other, but stopped right before the bend, not daring to show their face. ThornyRose once again pinched her nose, "You're a beauty right!?"

"Why should I tell you? Are you a Rose?" BornFlirty replied the same way.

Time slowly passed. ThornyRose had her back to the wall and her revolver ready. While she wasn't sure who the other party was, it would be dangerous to go first. On her team, there was FrozenBlood, FrozenCloud, Little Tian, and ElengantFragrance. She pinched her nose once again. "What's your favorite flower!?"

BornFlirty frowned. *She's testing me?* She began to recall the other team's woman's data. She remembered that FrozenBlood's favorite was iris flowers. "Iris, you...?" 

ThornyRose's heart trembled. *Is it FrozenBlood!? No, the other party is also testing me! In the other team, Aily likes sunflowers.* "Sunflower... What's your favorite phrase!?"

*Sunflower!? Aily!? No! It could be a trap!* Born Flirty pinched her nose, "Why add milk to coffee!? You?"

*Eh!? ElegantFragrance? Wait... I can't drop my guard.* ThornyRose also continued to pinch her nose. *Poor people should all die.*

BornFlirty was also becoming more confused.*Duo Duo? No! These are all public data.* After a period of silence, "Where was our 2703 school trip to!?"

ThornyRose raised her brows. This was a school trip. The only ones who would know were classmates. In other words, herself, FrozenBlood, BornFlirty, Aily. "LinHai..."

BornFlirty bit her lips. The possibilities had been decreased. There was ⅔ chance that the other party was an enemy.
