---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 268"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 268: Zombie Rona

Lin Le picked his nose as he watched ElegantFragrance undo her first button. "Such a shameless woman. Hah... Alright, Lele will believe you."

Lele put away his submachine gun. ElegantFragrance was only planning to go up to two buttons, but Lele's words made her rage. She glared as he returned to the vehicle humming a children song, his ahoge swinging to the beat.  

...

Zhang ZhengXiong heard the sound of a vehicle. He ducked behind a garbage bin and looked over. *A taxi? The driver is... Little Tian!* He quickly walked out, chopping his axe into a zombie as he ran over. Little Ye Tian saw Zhang ZhengXiong and stepped on the breaks. She threw a bolt-action rifle over to him, then the two of them began heading to the harbor.

Ye Cang was also slowly making his way there, but the sound of weeping put him on guard. He carefully made his way over and opened the door. A stewardess in a short black skirt with neat red hair was crying. However, he noticed the her nails were too long and shined like blades. He poked his AWP through the crack in the door, aiming it at her head. At this time, she faced Ye Cang. Her face was covered in wiggling green veins and her expression was full of despair, suffering, and self-hatred...

Ye Cang saw her face full of sadness. It seems she was intelligent. He sighed and lowered his gun. Opening the door, he walked in and looked at the trembling stewardess who had gone to hide in a corner. Reaching out a hand, he made a tranquil smile. "Come with me. I'll bring you away from here... What's your name?"

"Ba... ronna" The stewardess zombie said somewhat shakily. She saw that Ye Cang wasn't avoiding her and had even reached out his hand. The smile on his face seemed so dazzling that she almost felt like her dorman heart would start beating. 

"A good name. Can you stand?" Ye Cang smiled, continuing to hold out his hand. Baronna held out her delicate hand with nails as sharp as knives, and put it in Ye Cang's extended hand. Ye Cang grasped, and pulled her up. *Holy sh\*t! She's so tall! A whole head taller than me!* 

"Congratulations, you've obtained an intelligent zombie as your follower! Please give it a name!"

A sweatdrop dripped downed Ye Cang's face. *Even this kind of game has a pet system?* "Rona"

Follower Name: Rona

Category: Mutated Intelligent Zombie

Loyalty: A clingy zombie in love is a terrifying thing.

Strength: 9 star

Dexterity: 15 star

Health: 2100

Specialty: Sharp Claws, Fast Movement

Ye Cang felt shame seeing how Rona's stats were so much higher than his. He only had a measly 52 health! And what was up with that loyalty? He sighed and decided not to care.

FrozenCloud, who was watching from outside, saw Ye Cang's little performance, and was astonished. It was exactly the scene of an abandoned young woman who met a nice man that reached out and pulled her out of her despair, thawing her frozen heart, and making her fall in love... except that it was a zombie. She began to question his taste in woman. Could it be that her team leader was the type who liked zombie women? It was hard to say, given his vile nature, but she felt like she had seen something similar somewhere...

The enemies beside her were covered in cold sweat. *How are you supposed to fight that!?*  They watched as the zombie woman cleared away tens of zombies without getting a drop of blood on her clothes. Ye Cang was behind her using his M-16 with a silencer. *Is he playing a hunter!? Is that zombie his pet!?* They switched the view to Lin Le who was taking on a 4 meter tall mutant zombie. It looked like an ape, and was covered in terrifying muscle. It could pick up a normal car and throw it as a weapon, but under Lin Le's rain of bullets, as unyielding as it was, it could only surrender. That's right, it surrendered! Lin Le was now riding a tank like gorilla zombie while holding a rocket launcher rampaging through the streets. ElegantFragrance could only smile bitterly while watching from the armored car. Everyone in the spectators area watched with grotesque expressions. It was like those guys were playing a completely different game from everyone else...

...

The scene changed to the deadlock between ThornyRose and BornFlirty.

"Let's do this. We'll count to 3 and we'll come out together..." ThornyRose said, still pinching her nose.

"Ok." BornFlirty agreed.

"3!" ThornyRose counted.

"2!" BornFlirty continued.

"1!" The two both jumped out and saw the other. They simultaneously opened fire, but neither hit their target. They quickly turned and hid back behind the corner. The two shouted out in unison, "B\*tch! I knew it was you!"

When the scene once again returned to the two, they were insulting each other, using everything from their bodies to their pasts.

"You still don't have a boyfriend right? Hah~ a Madam that still can't find a boyfriend, so sad~~" ThornyRose said, mocking her.

"How can I not find one!? I'm still choosing! At least I'm not like you who abandoned your lover, FrozenBlood, for some random man! You're a disgrace amongst lesbians. Originally, I thought you were just annoying, fussy, uglier than me, and have a worse body than me, but who would have thought you were such a heartless and fickle person. Ptooey~!!" BornFlirty returned fire.

"F\*\*k! Those are all lies! Also! I'm better looking than you, and have bigger breasts! You sl\*t! Don't think I don't know how you act like a cat in heat when you see my older cousin! Too bad my cousin will never look at a b\*tch like you. And you can take back your stupid spit! Ptooey~!" ThornyRose said, not taking things lying down.

FrozenCloud sighed. These two women were simply too alike, so much so that they hated each other. Fights like this have been happening since elementary school.

FrozenCloud looked at Lin Le commanding his zombie gorilla. As for team leader, the more he ordered the stewardess zombie around, the more she fell in love with him. The two groups had met up and they were fighting a boss that was over 10 meters tall. To think this was happening while the two leaders were still spitting at each other.

Finally, with Ye Cang's and Lin Le's combined efforts, They were now all sitting on the boss's shoulders, bringing their zombie minions towards the harbor. When the rescue boat saw the grand procession of zombies, it turned and ran for it. Their only option now was to kill all the enemies.

ThornyRose knew she couldn't keep wasting time, so she called out. "Our final battle, on the count of 3..."

"Alright, who's afraid of you!" BornFlirty replied, her two hands holding onto her revolver. "3!"

"2!" ThornyRose lowered her stance.

"1!" The two once again leapt out. They both accurately shot, hitting each other between the eyes, ending in mutual destruction.

The winner was ThornyRose's team. Something worth mentioning was that the system said that they had obtained rights to use the zombie stewardess and the zombie gorilla in special settings, but they didn't really pay it any attention.

In the empty streets, an infatuated zombie stewardess leaned on a streetlamp, hugging herself. She looked into the distance, crying tears of blood. "I really want to meet you again... I want to be together... with you. Whitey..."
