---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 269"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 269: Bathroom**

When the scenario ended and ThornyRose was sent out, she quickly went to view the replay. BornFlirty did the same. How was it that the game ended with their confrontation, and she had actually lost.

ThornyRose gnashed her teeth when she saw the scene of a white haired special forces member saying, "Aa~ I really want to blow ThornyRoses's head off..."

The more she saw the more astonished they felt. *What kind of game were they playing!? That damn lowlife even got a zombie to fall for him. Even the rescue team were scared away by their zombie horde! They had immediately raised the alarms and fled with their tail between their legs! Lele had even said as they left, "Brother Lil'White, why are they running. Aren't they here to pick us up?" God! You had a 10 meter tall zombie with you! Who would dare to give you a ride!*

When BornFlirty finished watching the video, she faced Ye Cang's group and said sincerely, "Come to Beauties at the Crossfire. Whatever that woman is paying you, I'll double it. I'll also pay the penalty for breaking contract..."

"Humph, want to poach them, they're not so..." ThornyRose sneered but didn't even get to finish saying before Ye Cang interrupted her without even thinking for second. "It's not like I can't consider..."

ThornyRose's chest throbbed! *Just where is your bottom line!? Is it in the negatives!?*

Ye Cang saw the ominous look in ThornyRose's eyes, and covered his face. "Actually nevermind..."

BornFlirty looked at Ye Cang and raised her brows. *Brother Hero of Really New Village's Three Brothers. Someone who's currently in the limelight and is also that b\*tch's boyfriend.* She said in a charming voice, "Brother Hero, it must be tough being with that woman. Why don't you consider coming to this side... I'm not any worse than she is..."

ThornyRose fiercely turned and glared at BornFlirty. That woman would always fight with her over everything. Even now she was trying to tempt her boyfriend! Although he was just a fake boyfriend, this involved her pride! She sneered, "Your words just now, I've recorded them. If cousin CloudDragon was to hear them..."

"You dare!?" BornFlirty glared at her.

Ye Cang sighed. *Their reason for this competition was already ridiculous and now they are arguing like kids.* "I'm logging off to rest..."

If ThornyRose knew Ye Cang was thinking, she would have exploded at him: *You three are the ones who are like kids!*

Ye Cang directly logged off after speaking. Lin Le also yawned, and they all logged off together.

"The skirt, remember to cancel." ThornyRose reminded her then also logged off.

"I don't need you to remind me. I'm much more trustworthy than you!" BornFlirty looked away, unwilling to lose.

ElegantFragrance was still thinking back to that time Lin Le had threatened her to strip. She didn't know why, but it had made her a bit excited. FrozenBlood saw that ElegantFragrance was flushed and acting a bit strange.*This girl is probably thinking about something perverted again.* She turned and left.

Once everyone left.

"Now that you've fought with them, what do you think of the so called three brothers?" BornFlirty said, sitting down on the sofa.

"No idea, I was directly killed by the zombie gorilla..."

"I was insta-killed by the stewardess zombie..."

"Brother Diamond's muscle strength is terrifying. In this mode, I could only survive for 5 seconds before being killed."

BornFlirty heard everyone's reports, but she knew without them telling her. From when she felt that white hairs indifference and the big ones imposing aura, she knew those two would be a problem. The one that made her most curious was the white haired brother hero. When she was watching the video of him slaughtering zombies, she senses a bit of his bloodlust, but only for an instant. Short enough for her to wonder if she had imagined it.

...

Qin Family, late at night.

Ye Cang stretched. It was already past 2am. He decided to go take a bath and then sleep. Ruffling his messy hair, he got up, went to the bathroom, filled the bath, and turned off the light. *Oh~ the stars are visible from here.* He whistled, then took of his nightgown and entered the public bath. His whole body felt relaxed, and comfortable. After wiping his body, he put the towel on his shoulder, leaned against the natural rock, and soaked.

ThornyRose was thinking about the club and the things that happened today. *That damn lowlife, would it kill him not to make me mad!?* She entered the bathroom and didn't even question why there was already hot water. As she angrily threw off her clothes and entered the water, she suddenly realised, *why is there hot water?* The steam was gradually dissipating, and she saw Ye Cang there looking back at her indifferently. He waved at her and called out courteously. "Hello..."

ThornyRose froze, not knowing how to react. She stiffly raised her hand, "Hel...lo your sister!!"

When she finally snapped out of it, she quickly covered herself with a towel. Her face was as red as a cherry as she chided him, "When did you enter!? Damn lowlife! Get out!"

"Umm, first of all, I was here first. I was the one who filled it up. The skylight was opened by me. I was happily stargazing, and didn't blame you for disturbing me, yet you want to kick me out? Are you an idiot...?" Ye Cang sighed. *This woman's mental state is becoming worrying. Sometimes she seems alright, but she should still take her medicine.*

*Idiot!? He actually called me an idiot!?* ThornyRose's eyes began to turn red. She began to recall the time at the volcano hotspring, which made her feel less embarrassed for some reason. She carefully wrapped a towel around herself and then looked up at the starry sky. She couldn't even remember the last time this skylight had been opened. She recalled the last time she bathed while looking at the stars was over 10 years ago. *Wait, what am I thinking!?* "You getting out or not!?"

"No, I'm still bathing. If you want, you can leave..." Ye Cang shrugged and refused.

ThornyRose clenched her teeth. If she screamed, it would cause problems for her. She took a deep breath to calm down, and looked at Ye Cang who was looking out the skylight with a mysterious smile which seemed almost sorrowful under the moonlight. A misty coating covered his pink eyes. The anger in her heart mysteriously lessened. Just at this time, a shoot star flew by, and Ye Cang quickly put his hands together and made a wish.

ThornyRose couldn't stop smiling. *This guy is like a kid sometimes. Whatever, I won't argue with him.* She listened to Ye Cang's mumbled wish. His very sincere words. "I wish that next time in the game, I can blow the brains out of this girl in front of me..."

She immediately exploded. Not caring about anything anymore, she pounced on him. Her towel had loosened and the two of them wrestled in the bath. Mrs Qin woke up at this moment and went to the washroom. She heard some activity in the bathroom as she passed by, and walked over curiously. She carefully peeked inside, and saw two people in the water, bare to the waist, moving extremely violently, splashing water around which twinkled under the moonlight. Mrs Qin's mouth hung wide open. *My daughter is so... so... * Her face blushed bright red and she quickly pulled her head back and looked away. Mr Qin happened to walk by at this time and saw his wife acting sneakily. "The bathroom..."

"Shh... Zhen'er and son-in-law are... are in the bathroom... having fun..." Mrs Qin said, making sure to emphasize the words 'having fun'. 

Hearing her words, and then noticing the noises from inside, Mr Qin froze. "So wild!? Well it makes sense, she must be in a hurry cause she's not young anymore."

"So, let's not lose to the young ones! To the study!" Mrs Qin's expression became serious. Mr Qin nodded. The two of them turned and began to quickly walk towards the study.
