---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 270"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 270: Secret Stash

After venting her anger, ThornyRose once again covered herself with a towel. Recalled how she was pretty much naked earlier, her face once again flushed with embarrassment and resentment. *Damn lowlife!* She watched as Ye Cang popped out of the water and then once again leaned on the rock and looked at her. "Hello..."

"......" ThornyRose almost exploded again. *Does this guy not feel shame!?* She said in a low voice. "Hurry and get out..."

"I haven't finished washing..." Ye Cang covered his lower half with a towel, and then got up. The moonlight reflected off the ring on his necklace, making ThornyRose somewhat curious. The string that it was hanging on was clearly already very old. She hadn't noticed it earlier. She watched as he grabbed a stool, shampoo, conditioner, bodywash, and an eye shield cap, then handed them to her. He said very calmly, as if it was expected, "Wash my back... Get to it..."

ThornyRose froze once again. Her chest began to rise and fall as she pointed at him speechless.

"The faster you help me wash my back, the earlier I'll leave..." Ye Cang said, worrying about her IQ. She clearly wanted him to quickly leave, yet she was still taking her time. She even looked unwilling. He could only sigh.

ThornyRose grabbed the things from him, intending to scrape the skin off his back. Ye Cang reminded her, "If it hurts, I'm not leaving..."

*Aaaah!!! Bastard!* She got up and helped him wash his back. His back was thin, and his ribs could faintly be seen. When she finished, she unhappily returned to the bath and watched as Ye Cang began washing his hair. Finally, he went somewhere out of sight and rinsed off, then changed into his nightgown. He was still wiping his hair dry as he walked out. He suddenly thought of something, "Right, I forgot to tell you. Earlier when you were washing my back, I saw a big bird take a huge dump from the skylight into the water."

"......" ThornyRose chest tightened. She immediately jumped out of the water. *I knew there was something weird about the water. That bastard! It was definitely on purpose!* She was about to scold him but he was already gone. She was feeling rather sullen after having suffered so many losses. Her whole body trembled with rage as she screamed to herself: *Aaah!! I need to replace the water and have a nice bath! That bastard!*

Next day, early morning.

Ye Cang noticed the strange looks Mr Qin was giving him, a somewhat grateful look but also with a bit of grief and a touch of hope. There was even some expectation mixed in as if he was saying 'good kid...'. ThornyRose saw that her mother was staring at her. Her mother shook her head and said, "Who would have thought you were so wild..."

"......" Thorny didn't understand.

As for Ye Cang, he blinked at Mr Qin and inquired, "Mr Qin, is there something you want ask...?"

"How sure are you?" Mr Qin asked with a whisper.

Ye Cang raise his brows. *Sure about what? What does he mean? I don't get it, is it some kind of secret code?* "Mr Qin, what do you mean?"

Mr Qin thought for a bit and then translated it into some safer words. "The little tadpole finding its way..."

ThornyRose happened to hear, and spat out the water in her mouth. Her face turned bright red. She knew her parents had noticed the commotion last night and thought they were doing that. *Little tadpole finding its way!? Have you gone mad from wanting grandchildren!?* She didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Ye Cang suddenly realised something. He stroked his chin and nodded as if he understood. "So that's what you mean. I'm not very sure..."

ThornyRose didn't want to butt into their conversation. If she did, it would only get more chaotic and she would be embarrassed to no end. Those two parents were clearly not on her side. Watching her mother personally feed soup to Little Ye Tian, she thought to herself: *That woman was never that good to me before!*

"Little Tian, from now on, you're our annual financial advisor. We'll be troubling you. Hah~ If I had a daughter like you, no... even half as good as you, how great would it be..." Mrs Qin's words were like daggers stabbing into ThornyRose's back.

"It's no trouble. Things like this don't take much time, it's simple. Here are the estimates for the group's next three years, assuming nothing out of the norm happens. Oh right, can the group fund my macromolecular resonance experiments? It's my latest research, gathering data on the behaviour of various molecules undergoing resonance. You can look, aunt should be able to understand." Little Ye Tian said with a calm smile.

Mrs Qin, who was originally a science student, put on her reading glasses and began to look over Little Ye Tian's paper and research data. *This is revolutionary! The prospects are so good, and can be used in so many areas. Most importantly, it's realistic!* She looked at ThornyRose and sighed. "Good thing son-in-law brought with him such a treasure. Come let me give you a kiss..."

Old Qin was sitting at the table giving advice to Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le. They looked exactly like a happy grandpa with his grandsons. "If only that girl had your talent..."

ThornyRose stood up, slapped the table, and glared at this harmonious 'family'. "I'm going to run away from home! I was picked up from a trash can and adopted anyways!"

Old Qin shouted alarmed, "What, you've already told her!?"

Mrs Qin looked over and nodded...

Mr Qin slowly got up, "Zhen'er, whatever the case, you'll always be my daughter..."

ThornyRose watched the three people's act with a blank face, and then sighed. *This is my family,* she thought, feeling somewhat upset.

"Also, Zhen'er, we found you in a trash bin, not can. Trash bins are bigger than trash cans, so it's a bit better..." Mr Qin said seriously.

ThornyRose slowly sat back down, and 'accidently' said, "Mother, Father has been hiding money from you, and a lot of it. I bet it's father's extramarital affair fund."

Mr Qin felt a bone chilling glare from behind him, and gasped. He turned around and smiled stiffly. "Umm, I don't..."

"Into the study..." Mrs Qin said with a gentle smile. Ye Cang, Zhang ZhengXiong, Lin Le, Little Ye Tian, and Old Qin all huddled together, trembling. That aura was so terrifying, it made all their hairs stand on end. Mr Qin flashed them a solemn look before walking into the study. They all gulped.

"My xxxx!!!" Mr Qin's scream could be heard through the many walls. Old Qin wiped away his sweat, and reprimanded ThornyRose, "Zhen'er! How could you tell on him!!!"

Before he could say anymore, ThornyRose took out her phone. "Grandma, grandpa has a secret stash hidden in..."

"Grand-daughter, I was wrong. Grandpa loves you..." Old Qin quickly said, quickly sucking up to ThornyRose.

ThornyRose smiled and put down her phone. Ye Cang and the others were all drenched in cold sweat. *This family...* They decided to go out for some air. The four of them left planning to go to another district to look around.
