---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 271"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
editor: "SnowTime"
comments: true
thanks1: "Hazery"
---

**Chapter 271: Zhao XinRu**

In the Vermillion Bird District of the college, Ye Cang was eating a popsicle shaped like a marker. It was something Lin Le had won and gifted him. Though it made him somewhat sad since he hadn't won one in a long time.

The four of them were all wearing flipflops, shorts, and a T-shirt as they walked around the campus.

Ye Cang saw many spectators, but they were all standing on either side of the road. Many people in white uniforms were walking over as if they were made out of the same mold, 80% of which were from the student council. The capital and Lin Hai truly appeared different and it was not just the uniform. Lin Hai's student council wore purple. The four of them had no intention of getting out of the way. Unexpectedly, Zhang ZhengXiong noticed a woman amongst them. She was tall and had an weapon at her waist. She had an egg-shaped face, and her hair was split in 7:3 bangs with a ponytail. The smile she made as she walked made her seem approachable. This was the president of the Vermillion Bird District's Student Council - Zhao XinRu. With her was the vice president, two officers, and many other members.

Zhao XinRu also noticed that the other party of four, whom wore beach shorts, T-shirts, and flipflops, had no intentions of letting them pass. One was a white haired man, the others a bear-like man with imposing muscles, a foolish looking boy-next-door, and a feeble looking little girl. They were all eating popsicles without a word. The people around her started to frown. *What are these people doing not getting out of the way when they see the student council.*

Ye Cang's group of four had already walked right up to them. They didn't even stop as they brushed past.

A member restrained his fear of Zhang ZhengXiong and shouted, "You guys!"

The member didn't even finish speaking before an officer could no longer take it. He turned around, planning to teach these people a lesson. As he reached out his hand, an enormous palm landed on the top of his head, as if grabbing a basketball. Just like picking up a little chick, he was picked up by his head. Zhang ZhengXiong sneered, "Did your teacher never teach you to mind your manners..."

"A'Xiong, let him go. Let's go, we'll return after a walk." Ye Cang looked over and said indifferently.

Zhang ZhengXiong casually threw him tens of meters into a garbage can like he was throwing away trash. The four of them then continued walking away.

Besides Zhao XinRu, the vice-president - Zhong Yun's sword-like eyebrows rose vertically. *Aren't they being too arrogant just because that big man is strong.* His hand reached for the alloy weapon at his waist but Zhao XinRu reached out to stop him. She smiled toward the back of the four and said, "Fellow students, stop..."

Ye Cang's four didn't pay any attention to her. They continued licking their popsicles and walking.

"Fellow students..." Zhao XinRu continued to call out courteously.

The student council members couldn't take it anymore. Zhao XinRu sighed. *You guys aren't their match. Not even I can be sure that I could defeat the big one. He has a brutal aura that he doesn't even try to conceal.* She stood in place and watched as everyone simultaneously charged towards Ye Cang's group. Zhang ZhengXiong continued to walk as he sent out karate chops, kicks, or just grabbed them and threw them at nearby trashcans. No one even had the chance to try more than two moves against him. The bystanders watched as the student council members were sent flying every-which way. Some, who were originally planning to charge in and help to make a good impression, were all frozen in place. They could only watched as Ye Cang's group continued to leisurely walk away.

Zhong Yun raised his eyebrows, becoming a blur as he charged forward. He drew his training sword and stabbed with it. Zhang ZhengXiong turned around and didn't even bother to dodge. He let it poke his stomach, then grabbed the guy's shoulder. "Your speed isn't bad, but you're weak!!"

The sound of a bone dislocating could be heard, followed by Zhong Yun's scream. Zhang ZhengXiong released him and looked at the little hole left on his shirt. He reached into the man's pocket, took out his wallet, and grabbed a few 10,000 dollar bills and said seriously, "This is for ruining my clothes..."

"Sirs are not from the capital right?" Zhao XinRu shouted to their leader, the white haired man. She had her hand on her weapon. 

Ye Cang stopped, and turned around. Taking the final bite of his popsicle, he threw the stick into the trash. He looked indifferently at Zha XinRu as if it was pointless. "There will be other chances to meet. Goodbye."

Lin Le held his popsicle and made a face. Little Ye Tian looked completely uninterested. 

Zhao XinRu saw that all of her members had collapsed. She couldn't let them leave so easily! In a flash, she arrived in front of Ye Cang, a white blade emerging from her metal handle. But the sword seemed to pass through Ye Cang's body, shocking her, because she knew she had hit nothing. She turned and watched their departing figures. The white hair's speed was even faster than her... She helped Zhong Yun up, "Let's go back and look into them. They're so powerful, it's impossible for them to not leave a trail..."

"President, your neck!" Zhong Yun exclaimed, looking at the words on Zhao XinRu's neck that were written in marker.

Zhao XinRu quickly took out her phone and used it as a mirror. On her neck, written in crooked handwriting, were the words: "Your hands should be steadier when using a sword."

A shiver traveled up her spine, and her back was drenched in cold sweat. If he had wanted to kill her just now, she wouldn't even have the time to react. In just that instant, he had been able to write 9 words on her neck. He was fast. Possibly at the level of the Azure Dragon District Martial Arts Society's leader. A superman amongst students. The big one too. Impervious to swords, with astonishing strength, and he likely wasn't slower than herself, he was simply too lazy to move too much...

Ye Cang looked at the spectators and sighed. This would probably be the end of their peaceful stroll. He brought his group to get a ride back to Lin Hai. Zhang ZhengXiong and T-105 suddenly became even more famous in Lin Hai. It had only been a few hours since they left the capital, yet there were even people there to meet them as they returned, holding a large sign. "Death - To - The Capital's Student Council! Lin Hai's manliest team, T-105!"

Zhao XinRu had gathered data on them. They were a team in Lin Hai, team T-105. They recently rose to fame, so it was no wonder she didn't know them. As for the evaluation the report gave of the white haired Ye Cang, it made her shapely eyebrows rise in surprise. "'White Asura, but he doesn't have much strength and can only give orders.' He clearly has strength fitting of his nickname..."

Zhao XinRu then continued looking through their data, especially for the two who didn't act. The little girl was actually a graduate student researcher, at only 11 years of age. The other was known as the King of Bad Ideas. She watched the videos showing all the rescue squads that would have been better off dead, suffering from his ideas. It seems there are more people to keep on eye on for this times five schools competition. She felt regretful that her strength only allowed her a position as a substitute. The really terrifying members were even more fierce than the group today. For instance, the Thousand Hands - Sun Ru. Closing the files, she looked at the pictures that her cousin had sent her of the Qin family banquet. *Isn't that!?* She quickly took out her phone. "Cousin, who's the white haired man?"

"Oh, it's cousin Qin Zhen's fiancee. He seems to be a few years younger than her and is still studying. Even she can find a man, I still can't believe it... Umm, XinRu, do you have a good junior that I might like..."

"......" Zhao XinRu hung up. *Who would have thought he would be cousin Qin Zhen's fiancee. No wonder he was so strong. It would be difficult to be her boyfriend without being abnormally strong.*
