---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 273"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 273: B Difficulty Mission**

Next day, early morning.

Zhao XiangYu woke up after a long sleep. Her whole body was sore, making her gasp when she tried to move. She looked at the sticky note on her bedside table. "Just keep doing some mild training. Don't be too eager ~O(∩_∩)O~ Oh right, I found the 200,000 dollars that I lost in your wallet. Hehe~"

"......" Zhao XiangYu sighed. *Looks like I have to freeload off Little Han this month too.*

...

Lin Hai, Songyang coast.

Ye Cang stretched, and saw the two early risers sparring outside. After washing up, Wu Na made them breakfast. Everyone sat together and ate. Wu Na didn't ask about the capital, because she knew these guys weren't afraid of any consequences.

Black Rock City. Ye Cang gave a majority of the kagu bug, maggot, and bee parts to Rica. Then he had Zhang ZhengXiong make him a few hundred special arrows out of the stingers. The stingers from the boss became two recyclable heavy crossbow bolts.

Kagu Bee Arrow (Masterwork - Insect Stinger)

Damage: 11 - 13

+5 Penetration

Additional 15 poison damage.

Kagu Bee Poison: Once poisoned, deal 2 damage a second for 10 seconds. Can have up to 3 stacks.

Kagu King Bee's Heavy Bolt (Distinguished - Insect Stinger)

Damage: 30 - 32

+30 Penetration

Additional 30 poison damage.

Kagu King Bee's Poison: Once poisoned, deal 1 damage every second for 5 minutes.

Kagu Queen Bee's Heavy Bolt (Distinguished - Insect Stinger)

Damage: 31 - 35

+25 Penetration

Additional 25 poison damage.

Kagu Queen Bee's Poison: Once poisoned, drain 1 mana every second for 5 minutes.

Mixed Poison: When the King and Queen's poisons appear on the same target, it will explode, dealing the damage over time all at one moment, then remove the effect. If there is not enough mana to drain, it will make up the difference by draining health.

Ye Cang clicked his tongue. He put one of the bolts onto the crossbow and the other in his bag. He began to think to himself that his crossbow was becoming outdated. If other players were to hear him saying that, they would probably want to kill themselves. Ye Cang's crossbow was a lower middle class distinguished quality equipment, however, it was a super rare type of weapon, secondary equipment - heavy crossbow. It's quality, given it's rarity, was still appropriate. Many players had begun to upgrade to masterwork quality equipment by now, but were still mostly using superior quality stuff. Excellent quality equipment was being phased out, while only core members of big guilds would have a full outfit of masterwork quality equipment. As for Distinguished quality one, only the guild's main fighting force would have any. Zhang ZhengXiong began to experiment with the various bug crystals, and discovered that Kagu Bug Guards were related to strength, while maggots were constitution, and kagu bees dexterity. They each chose the crystals they wanted for their equipment.

Wu Na sighed when she saw her own health. How was this the health of a fricken spellcaster!? All her equipment had been enhanced with constitution gems from the maggots.

FrozenCloud saw Wu Na's health and froze. They pretty much had the same amount of health. She herself couldn't bear to give up on her attack power, so she had a spread of all three types of gems. After thinking about it, none of these gems improved spellcasting stats, so constitution was the most fitting. High constitution would allow Wu Na the freedom of making more mistakes, which for the current Wu Na, was very useful. Beside her, Lin Le had decked himself out with strength gems. She peeked at his stats, and could only smile stiffly. Even without any constitution gems, he would still put a tank to shame. It was probably because of the set effects.

Little Ye Tian did the same as Wu Na, going all constitution. SpyingBlade and Ye Cang both split between strength and dexterity. As for Zhang ZhengXiong, it was obviously full constitution.

"Let's go check out the adventurer's association, then dig for treasure~~" Ye Cang said, taking out the treasure map. SpyingBlade raised his brows, they still had a treasure map? "How did you get it?"

"I dug it up when helping someone weed their yard..." Lin Le raised his hand and answered. SpyingBlade froze. As expected of the luck monster...

The number of players in the city increased every day, which increased the state of this previously empty adventurer's association, however, there still weren't many people. Compared to the other associations, it was still way inferior. Linda saw Ye Cang, and yawned. She took out a silver medal and threw it over. "Congratulations, you've advanced. Actually, it's still a bit early for you, but you're the strongest out of the new dumbasses and also the dumbass with the most achievements, so I'm promoting you early. Look through the silver board's missions carefully. Some of them aren't things you can handle right now..."

Ye Cang broke out in cold sweat. *What do you mean the strongest out of the new dumbasses and also the dumbass with the most achievements!? Humph, I'll forgive you due to your boobs...* Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le had their eyes glued to them until Wu Na angrily pulled them upstairs.

Everyone first looked through the silver board's missions. SpyingBlade looked through them all carefully, and there really were some that were too difficult. They weren't something that could be done at this point. "C+ would be hard enough. B and higher are out of the question. They're not something we can handle at this point, at least not with just the few of us..."

"Brother SpyingBlade, how can you be so cowardly!? I'll look at them since you're afraid. I'll even accept one. Lele, close your eyes and choose a B difficulty mission!" Ye Cang said courageously. SpyingBlade simply sighed. Lin Le closed his eyes, and pointed at a B difficulty mission 'Cry From the North, save Verali who has been captured by a goblin tribe.'

"Alright, we'll take this one. We happen to be going north anyways." Ye Cang grabbed the parchment. Everyone then looked through the C and D difficulty missions, and picked up some odd job quests. They once again divided and conquered, splitting up to do odd jobs. 

Ye Cang was waiting for everyone at a table near the general store. He had his arms crossed and was contemplating over how to deal with the remaining magic crystals and other ores. He turned and saw the excited Little Jesse. "Where'd you go? Running off again..."

"I didn't. I was just going to meet my girlfriend..." Little Jesse's words made Ye Cang freeze. He thought to himself, *it can't be.* "Meet what?"

"Girlfriend..." Little Jesse shrugged.

Ye Cang was completely speechless. *This kid is how old? He is already in a relationship? It must be kids playing house. Nothing strange.* "Come back early. Don't make your grandma worry..."

"I know..." Little Jesse nodded. He then skipped happily away.

Time passed. Ye Cang yawned, and saw that the first one to return was Lin Le. *Oh? There's a young male player with him?* His eyes were squinted as if he couldn't see. He had long cyan hair, and a vulgar appearance. On his body, he wore a robe. A spellcaster?

"Brother Lil'White, I finished my mission. Here are the 10 haircut coupons." Lin Le took out 10 barbershop coupons and gave them to Ye Cang.

Ye Cang glared at the squinty eyed, vulgar looking man and listened to his self introduction. "Hi boss! I'm brother Le's new little brother! OldWangFromNextDoor..."
