---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 274"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 274: Old Wang From Next Door

"OldWangFromNextDoor? Where have I heard that name?" Ye Cang mumbled suspiciously.

"Brother Lil'White, it's from that cartoon we watched with the big headed son and the little headed father. Old Wang from next door is the mysterious big headed uncle who made the little headed father a cuckold." Lin Le replied.

OldWangFromNextDoor broke out in cold sweat. The name he had randomly made up actually had such a meaning, he would never know if he didn't meet brother Mad Devil Le. He laughed awkwardly, "Just call me Wang."

"Oh~ Oohh~~ I knew it..." Ye Cang suddenly remembered and nodded. "Wang, what class? Mage?"

"Umm, boss. I'm a summoner." Wang replied, sizing up Really New Village's Brother Hero. He was extremely excited. He recalled how he had conveniently been doing odd jobs at the barbershop, and had actually run into the legendary Mad Devil Le. His revered hero had actually said that he could join as his little bro. Was this his chance to rise to fame!?

"Summoner? Perfect, here's your welcome gift." Ye Cang recalled that he had a summoner, and whatever else could use it, skillbook. Summon water elemental or something. He decided to take it out, since it was useless sitting in his bag. 

Wang looked at the skillbook. It was a super rare skill! Summon Water Elemental Companion - Tobira. A summon elemental skillbook!! He was considered pretty good among the summoners, but he still didn't have a summoning type skill. They were too rare. Summoners pretty much had to level as spellcasters up until now. This lack of summoning skills put all the summoners in a difficult position. He was extremely moved. "Boss, Brother Le, this gift is too precious..."

"You're already a member of our Happy Firmaments group. Take it. Follow me and Brother Lil'White and you'll be eating and drinking like a king!" Lin Le smiled.

"Lele is right. Learn it. However! If you do anything to harm our group, humph humph..." Ye Cang and Lin Le's smile made Wang's back shiver. He quickly shook his head, "I'll definitely do my best for the group! I pledge my eternal devotion to Happy Firmaments!"

"Very well, I'll be watching you~! Lele, let him pick some equipment from the cart..." Ye Cang said, having Lin Le summon the handcart, and let him choose from the masterwork spellcaster equipment. Wang looked at the glittering lineup of treasures, and was completely enthralled. How many elites and bosses would one need to kill to collect all these!? There were a few that were good for his class, so he quickly chose them, then learned the Summon Water Elemental Companion - Tobira skill.

The tigerkin fighter Little Ren was feeling rather bored all this time. Wang sighed at the three brother's might when he found out this was just a pet. They even had a flying bug as a pet. After he was done, Ye Cang yawned and motioned at him, "Summon that water thing out..."

"Yes boss." Wang began to chant the skill. After 10 seconds, he began to emit a light blue colored magical glow. Suddenly, a burst of light blue water appeared, and formed into a 2 meter tall feminine silhouette. On her wrist was a delicate blue bracelet.

"How are the stats?" Ye Cang inquired. Wang shared her stats with everyone.

Summon - Elemental Companion: Tobira

Level: 10

Category: Water Elemental

Specialty: Decrease physical damage by 60%.

Long Distance Elemental Damage - Water: 22 - 32

Strength: 30

Dexterity: 25

Constitution: 40

Intelligence: 35

Wisdom: 45

Water Elemental: Knows some rank 1 - 3 water/ice spells.

Summoned Creature - Order: Creature's attributes are influenced by the summoners.

Ye Cang stroked his chin and examined it. It was a long distance attacker and knew some lower level spells. It even had 60% damage resistance, so when necessary, she could block a few attacks. He watched as Lin Le shook its hand, conveniently using it to wash his dirty hand. It could even be used to wash their hands! This summon is pretty good.

"Bro, Lele, what are you two doing?" Zhang ZhengXiong called out from the distance. 

*It's Brother Diamond of the three brothers! He is a bit less famous than the other two, but tut tut~ that diamond armguard is so dazzling.*

Zhang ZhengXiong also noticed Wang. "This is?"

"The new little brother that Lele brought over, our new teammate. Summoner - OldWangFromNextDoor...." Ye Cang introduced.

"Brother Xiong, you can just call me Wang." Wang bowed towards Zhang ZhengXiong. Zhang ZhengXiong reached out and they shook hands. At that time, Little Ye Tian, FrozenCloud, Wu Na, and SpyingBlade all returned. Wu Na looked really gloomy and still had chicken feathers stuck in her hair. "That chicken farm's chickens are too damn crazy. No wonder eggs are so expensive..."

The four all noticed the new member. Ye Cang dragged Wang over. "Our team's new member. Summoner - OldWangFromNextDoor..."

"Nice to meet you. You can just call me Wang."

Little Ye Tian sized him up for a bit. There wasn't anything noteworthy about him. He just looked a bit vulgar.

After the introductions, he heard Little Ye Tian call the boss father, and couldn't help gaping, but tactfully chose not to speak. The girl called NightSky was a support specialized paladin. Nana was a spellcaster. The grappler and also the team's second tank was FrozenCloud. SpyingBlade didn't say much, asking a question instead, "You sure he's trustworthy?"

Wu Na, and FrozenCloud were both thinking the same thing. This new member that popped out of nowhere, and looked so vulgar, they couldn't help but doubt him.

"He's already gone through my bad guy radar! Although he looks really vulgar, Wang is a good person. Him and apron mama are truly in love! No bad guy can escape my radar! Humph! Could it be you don't trust my radar!?" Lin Le said, pointing at the ahoge that he could consciously control and make spin like a radar scan.

*That's just a bundle of hair...* FrozenCloud, Wu Na, and SpyingBlade all thought to themselves. *Also, the OldWangFromNextDoor you're talking about is a different person.*

FrozenCloud sighed. She recalled the first time she had met him. At that time, she was also scanned by that ahoge. Many people had wanted to join, but he didn't pay them any attention and chose her. She couldn't make heads or tails of his actions.

Seeing Lin Le defend him, Wang was touched. Although his words made him a bit uncomfortable, he opened his forever squinty eyes wide and said earnestly. "I'll prove myself..."

Zhang ZhengXiong smiled and patted his shoulder. "Wang... There will be a chance to prove yourself... don't worry..."

Wu Na and the others all froze. They all turned away and sighed. Especially Wu Na. If possible, she would have picked another city. Although she got good equipment here, just thinking about what she had to experience every time: that taste, that texture, that disastrous appearance, and that smell, something impossible to get accustomed to. She covered her mouth feeling a bit sick.
