---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 275"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 275: Mountain Trail

Black Peaks is a large mountain range north of Black Rock City. There were many monsters there, and it bordered the wastelands. The tall terrain extended as far as the eye could see, separating Black Rock City from the wastelands.

Ye Cang's party set out towards the north. The two pets appeared especially mighty. Little Ren acted as the manpower, pushing the handcart. The kagu bug Little Ration acted as Little Ye Tian's mount. Wu Na occasionally saw some travellers along the roads, mostly travelling merchants and hunters.

They happened to meet a male travelling merchant carrying a large backpack, and heard him talk about a village west of the Black Point Mountain Range - Bal Village. He was going to trade at Black Rock City, and remind the people there that a village existed out in the mountains. Ye Cang looked through his goods. He was really interested in some it, especially a 10 centimeter wide mystery mushroom with a moss-green color. He tried identifying them.

Moss-green Fluorescent Ghost Mushrooms: A very precious fungus. Will emit a green glow at night, like a ghost. Add a tiny pinch into water and it will become extremely delicious soup, with a chance to obtain an intelligence or wisdom buff.

"How much for these mushrooms?" Ye Cang asked.

"If you want them, then 50 silver and give me some meat and two deep fried bugs. I have no idea what it is anyways. I happened to see it during my travels and picked it up. It should be pretty rare, but it could be poisonous." The travelling merchant said noticing the kagu bugs in the handcart.

Ye Cang gave him 50 silver, then cut off a large piece of maggot flesh, and grabbed a few pieces of fried kagu bug, completing the transaction.

"Bro, what's the mushroom?" Zhang ZhengXiong saw that Ye Cang was pretty happy.

"A delicious and rare food!" Ye Cang said, showing everyone the mushrooms description.

SpyingBlade sighed as he thought about Ye Cang's cooking skill. A delicious ingredient could, in his hands, become a biological weapon.

"I really want to taste boss's cooking..." Wang's word made the mood suddenly drop. Wang noticed that the mood had become strange. *What happened? Did I say something wrong?* He looked around at the unhappy glares everyone was giving him. 

"Who knew you were a foodie. Don't worry, your wish will be fulfilled, but not right now. Maybe once we reach the mountains..." Ye Cang happily looked at OldWangFromNextDoor who was confused by everyone's glares.

While chatting during their travels, they learned that Wang was a student at the Imperial City College. Lin Le was startled. "I knew it, you are also an art student..."

Wang looked over doubtfully. "Brother Le too?"

Wu Na butted in, "He doesn't even know where his own classroom is..."

Wang hesitated before saying, "The counselor doesn't say anything?"

"Nothing, brother Xiong had a chat with the counselor for me..." Lin Le smiled. Wang smartly chose not pursue the subject. Wu Na sighed. The so called 'chat' was clearly a threat.

After half a day of travel, everyone arrived at the foot of a mountain. Little Ye Tian organized her map, then they began to follow the trail, and eventually met some ferocious looking demon beasts: Moon-Marked Bears and Stone Skinned Boars. Both were a bit stronger than the wolves they met in the grasslands, but they were still no threat. Ye Cang continued with his gather everything mentality, so all the herbs, mushrooms and everything were snagged by him.

"Father, let's go check out the village to the west first, the one the travelling merchant was talking about. It should be close to the base of the mountain. There could be information or even quests." Little Ye Tian gained everyone's approval. They began travelling towards the west. Day gradually became night, and the mountain became exceptionally dark. Many nocturnal creatures began to prowl. Ye Cang, who led the way with his night vision, motioned for everyone to stop. He could hear sounds of a battle. "Wait... There's activity over there! I'll go check it out..."

Ye Cang made his way over. On a slope, 6 people were fighting what looked like a stone skinned boar boss. He moved to another spot to get a better view. "Oh, it's NalanMoon's group. That warlock should be NalanPureSoul or something. Truly amazing. His magic is so accurate. It would probably be very difficult to dodge those spells..."

Ye Cang returned to the group. "It's the Freedom Alliance. NalanMoon and them are fighting a boss..."

"Bro, what do you plan to do? Kill them?" Zhang Zhengxiong raised his hammer and asked.

"Team Leader, the Freedom Alliance's main force is in Black Rock City. It won't be long until they take root here. If possible, it would be better not to provoke them. Also, since NalanMoon is there, then The Temptress is definitely also there, right?" FrozenCloud reminded very reasonably.

"Let's go. Although we're not afraid of them, but we don't have to stir up trouble. It's just one boss. Moreover, The Temptress is no weaker than CloudDragon..." SpyingBlade had killed him before, but had also failed before. He knew that NalanPureSoul was hard to deal with. His insight and intuition are both sharp. Especially his intuition. It made it very hard for assassins to get in surprise attacks...

Little Ye Tian didn't say anything, but her opinion was similar to SpyingBlade's. She would follow Ye Cang's decision no matter what. 

"The Temptress is?" Ye Cang didn't really understand these nicknames. He only knew that brother CloudDragon was known as the Fighting King, but always found it silly.

"NalanPureSoul of the Four Heavenly Kings." Wu Na explained, glancing at him. If NalanPureSoul was a woman, he would definitely be china's number one beauty, but unfortunately he wasn't, so could only be second.

As for the Four Heavenly Kings, Ye Cang had no clue who they were, and was too lazy to commit it to memory. Anyways, it was just some popular people. It seems like they were on the same level as CloudDragon. It was true that the warlock was good. He stroked his chin, then suddenly realised, "So it's him..."

*He probably has no idea,* Wu Na thought.

"Wang, what are you doing?" Ye Cang saw OldWangFromNextDoor take out a virtual paper.

"I'm going to go ask for a signature. It's The Temptress!" Wang looked at Ye Cang and the other's unamused expressions, and tactfully put his paper away.

Lin Le drew his blade, and made a neck slitting motion. "The boss their fighting was definitely fated to meet us, so they are stealing our boss. Too evil! They dare to steal our boss! Brother Lil'White, let's go kill them."

Wang listened to how Lin Le turned stealing someone else's boss into someone else stealing theirs, and his tone was completely serious, filled with righteous anger. If one didn't know the situation, one might really think it was really his boss. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. As expected of Mad Devil Le. He turned and looked at Ye Cang who was still stroking his chin, deep in thought.

*Hey hey! You can't really be thinking of robbing them! The other party is one of the Four Heavenly Kings, NalanPureSoul!* Wu Na shouted in her mind as she watched Ye Cang's serious expression.
