---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 276"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 276: NalanPureSoul**

Everyone looked towards Ye Cang, who was stilling thinking seriously, but not even a second later, "I have a plan!"

*So fast!* Wang once again broke out in cold sweat. During this journey, he had learned that Really New Village's Three Brother's line of thought was not something a normal person could understand. Rather than feel profound respect for them, he instead felt like crying. There was even a little girl who was so cold she made his hairs stand on end.

"We'll go help and sell them a favor, then have them give us one of the drops..." Ye Cang's words made everyone sigh in relief. It was a normal plan. They were afraid he would spout some outrageous idea. Especially FrozenCloud. Whenever the Team Leader made a big decision, her heart would tremble, because most of his decision making didn't use his head but instead his evil desires.

"However, to sell a favor, we should still make it a big favor. We'll have to appear like heroes. I'll go check out the area, then we'll find some higher ground. The moon is conveniently behind us, so we have to pose well using the moon as a backdrop. Make it something they'll never forget. Then I'll shoot my crossbow right in the boss's heart. A'Xiong and Lele will charge. Make it look imposing! Everyone use your biggest attacks..." Ye Cang began to plan things out.

Zhang ZhengXiong had a strange expression. He seemed to remember something similar, but he shook his head, choosing not to worry about it. Lin Le readied his enormous blade, nodding furiously. What he loved the most was playing hero.

SpyingBlade sighed. *That guy is planning to put on some mysterious show, but it seems interesting.* He drew one of his swords.

Wu Na silently facepalmed. *Are you that bored? That's one of the Four Heavenly Kings!* She felt like they were swinging around swords in front of a noble. 

Wang was excited. He would get to meet The Temptress! Although he might not leave much of an impression, he decided to act well. He couldn't make his boss, brother Le, and Brother Xiong look bad. He opened his squinting eyes wide, and began to act strong.

FrozenCloud rolled her eyes. *Why go so far?*

Ye Cang brought everyone to the slope. The sound of fighting could be clearly heard. Ye Cang saw some raised ground nearby. In a few steps, he leapt onto it, and prepared aiming a Meteor Shot with his heavy crossbow. Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le posed at his two sides. The others waited on the slope for his signal.

NalanPureSoul sensed many presences hidden uphill. Enemy? Or Ally? The boss had already been brought down to half health. His dazzling eyes turned to the little cliff. Three silhouettes stood there. "Everyone be careful! Some people are hidden near us..." 

"I'll go look..." NalanMoon dodged an attack, then leaped away from the fight. She disappeared into some shrubbery, and made her way up.

A spiralling Meteor Shot flew out. NalanMoon froze. *It's an attack! Wait... The target is not us.* She instantly realised their intentions. A flame snake appeared, whipping the enormous boss, causing it to stand up. It was then run straight through by a bolt, nailing it to the slope. NalanPureSoul saw the silhouette in the distance stand up. Under the light of the moon, he could vaguely make out the wolf shaped head, and a heavy crossbow. Such amazing sniping. Suddenly, there was a roar. A figure holding a large hammer and another holding a large blade leaped down, their silhouettes overlapped with the moon. They began to charge over. NalanMoon saw the wolf head and her legs almost gave out. *It's team leader and the other fools.* Suddenly, she felt some danger from the side. She crossed her two weapons to block. The attack was so powerful, completely unlike an assassin, sending her rolling on the ground. She looked at the person who had attacked her. It was SpyingBlade... no... DarkBlade.

"Oh, it's you. I thought there was a third party..." SpyingBlade turned and charged at the boss. NalanMoon raised her brows. It seems they had come to help. If they had come to kill, she would have been in trouble just now. It seems he has new weapons too...

NalanMight saw that unforgettable silhouette. *It's him. Really New Village's Brother Diamond. Then that must be Mad Devil Le.* 

NalanPureSoul was surprised when he sensed the unstoppable might of Zhang ZhengXiong's charge. That large hammer smashed down, bringing about the sound of cracking bones. Another silhouette leapt over. An enormous white blade and an equally enormous black sword performed 3 rapid attacks. From the other side, a tigerkin with a heavy axe leapt over, performing a ferocious chop. *Oh~ SpyingBlade is here. There's even an elemental summon.* He turned and looked at squinty eyed man who had his arms crossed and was leaning against a tree. The wind blew his hair, exposing his creepy smile. *He's probably trying to act cool, but something like that was only cool a century ago.* Next came the sound of flapping insect wings. He raised his head and looked at the girl on the flying bug. A healing spell was cast on him. *A support?* Finally, still on the cliff, Ye Cang raised his right hand, and shouted like a commander. "Tactics! Rapid Pursuit!"

NalanPureSoul backed up a few steps and stared at Ye Cang who was standing at the cliff, arrogantly overlooking the situation. His eyes narrowed. But unlike Wang, his narrowed eyes looked radiant. He exposed an indescribably smile, making him look extremely lovely. "Truly an interesting guy. No wonder even CloudDragon couldn't help wanting to cross swords with him..."

Everyone received the system's congratulations. NalanMight had died in battle. NalanBeauty, NalanFragrance, and LooseCloud were all glaring at Lin Le. Lin Le rubbed his head embarrassed. "It wasn't on purpose. It's his fault for not dodging..."

NalanMoon, who had worked together with Ye Cang's team many times, facepalmed. *That Lele. Whenever I fight a boss together with him, besides needing to dodge the boss's skills, I even have to dodge his selfish, frenzied attacks. He's becoming more and more ferocious.*

Little Ye Tian landed and began to cast revive...

Ye Cang jumped down, and began walking over with a kind smile. "Friends of the Freedom Alliance, allow me to loot the corpse. That should be fine right...?"

"......" They had already heard from NalanMoon that he was a black-hole like existence.

NalanMoon quickly intercepted the hand that was reaching out for the boss. "Team Leader, please conduct yourself..."

NalanPureSoul groaned as a shiver travelled up his pretty back. Zhang ZhengXiong, even knowing that it was the back of a man, was still staring somewhat blankly. Suddenly, he was covered in goosebumps. NalanPureSoul was simply too beautiful. Even Wu Na and FrozenCloud had a bit of a blush. As for Wang, he was pinching his nose looking at the sky. NalanPureSoul smiled. "Whatever drops, you can take one item first, as thanks." 

The revived NalanMight was unsatisfied. "Guild Leader. Even without them, we could have easily killed it. Why..."

NalanPureSoul raised a hand making him stop. He continued to speak with his charming smile. "It's etiquette..."

"Who would have thought you'd be easier to get along with than brother CloudDragon. Then allow me to loot it, what do you say?" Ye Cang slowly reached towards the corpse, even with NalanMoon trying to hold him back. Zhang ZhengXiong, FrozenCloud, and the others didn't bother to help, since it was someone else's boss anyways. NalanMoon looked towards the unconcerned ant-divine-hand crew. *F\*\*k, you're all evil. You don't care at all if he ruins someone else's boss!?*
