---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 278"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 278: Amorous Gaze

Sitting around the bonfire, Ye Cang watched as NalanPureSoul's group approached. He raised his hand in greeting, "Yo, long time no see..."

NalanMoon took a deep breath. The others also remained silent. Unexpectedly, NalanPureSoul smiled and greeted back, "Long time no see..."

"This guy really is remarkable..." Ye Cang whispered. FrozenCloud heard it. *Is that how you judge if someone is remarkable or not? Whether they respond to your silliness!? That's one of the Four Heavenly Kings! How can he not be remarkable!?* FrozenCloud thought these things, but she had a feeling that Ye Cang wasn't any worse than the Four Heavenly Kings. The Four Heavenly Kings: CloudDragon with his martial arts, MistyVeil with her resourcefulness, LordAsked with his kingly air. As for The Temptress, it was often debated because he wasn't much worse than MistyVeil when it came to strategy and he was a match for CloudDragon in PVP. Amongst the four kings, he was the most well-rounded. On top of that, he was a peerless beauty, even after reducing it by 5% or so it had been said. No one knew the truth but himself. Although his older sister - NalanMoon is commonly seen, he himself rarely appears in public, so no one can be sure how beautiful he really is. One thing is for sure, one would definitely not be disappointed by his appearance. That's how the Nalan family is. Periodically, they would give rise to a peerless beauty that should be rarely seen even over hundreds of years. This time, it was a man... Normally, the beauty would become the family head. But enough with all that, the undisputed number one most famous person in china is, without a doubt, FlameEmperor. Although CloudDragon managed to seize the champion title from him last time, it was in large thanks to VastSea. His performance in that battle was truly dazzling. He managed to help CloudDragon reach the top. It was no wonder MistyVeil would say: Without VastSea, the Flame Dragon Union is like giant with a broken arm, while Mad War has become a tiger that has grown wings, no one can stop their rise. After that, it was just her complaining a lot, upset that VastSea hadn't come to her Misty Rain House. She had already prepared everything for him, but he was taken by Mad War. It was obvious that Misty Rain House was the place he belonged, he was already over 30, there would be countless beauties waiting for him at Mist Rain...

Ye Cang smiled and patted the spot beside him, as if inviting his sweetheart to sit with him. NalanPureSoul didn't speak any useless words. He just sat down gracefully beside Ye Cang. FrozenCloud looked at the two of them, one with an indifferent smile, the other with a graceful and charming smile. They stared into eachothers eyes. Under the flickering flames of the bonfire, there seemed to be a strange dreamy atmosphere around the two.

FrozenCloud, Wu Na, NalanMoon, and everyone else all broke out in cold sweat. It really looked too beautiful, so much so that they could not bring themselves to look straight at it. FrozenCloud thought, *if this was seen by a fujoshi, another fanclub would be born.* Lin Le pulled Zhang ZhengXiong over and whispered, "Brother Lil'White isn't together with that guy, right?"

"Probably not. They only just met. Moreover, that's a man..." Zhang ZhengXiong said, massaging his forehead.

"Being a man isn't a problem if you look like that. I'd be willing to be the top or bottom or anything..." Wang joined the conversation in a whisper. 

Zhang ZhengXiong and Lin Le both looked at him with disdain. "Bah, foolish misled playboy..." 

FrozenCloud suddenly discovered that this OldWangFromNextDoor had taken over Zhang ZhengXiong's playboy role. She turned and saw Wu Na taking Little Ye Tian away to play with Little Ren and Little Ration. The atmosphere around Ye Cang was truly too strange. They simply continued to stare at eachother like that, for a long time, without speaking a word. Those who didn't know better might even think they were deeply in love...

"Then we're agreed..." Ye Cang suddenly said.

"Alright." NalanPureSoul smiled and responded. Everyone froze. What were they talking about!? Could it be a private matter!?

"What did you agree on?" NalanMoon took the lead to ask.

"I don't know..." Ye Cang replied with a shrug, as if he was not involved. 

NalanMoon and FrozenCloudd felt a pain in their chest. "Then why did you agree!?"

"I thought he could read my subconscious thoughts from my eyes..." Ye Cang said with a smile. NalanMoon, FrozenCloud, and Wu Na all roared in their hearts: *You don't even know what you yourself were thinking!*

"I thought your meaning was 6:4 split with me taking 6." NalanPureSoul said stroking his chin gracefully.

Ye Cang crossed his arms. "Wrong, wrong. Brother PureSoul, at that time, I was trying to convey 7:3 for me."

"Brother PaleSnow sure likes to joke..." NalanPureSoul replied.

"I'm not joking..." Ye Cang continued smiling indifferently.

"Is that right..." NalanPureSoul was smiling as before, but everyone could feel the sparks going off between them. Lin Le stood up, readied his enormous blade, stared at NalanPureSoul's group, and shouted, "If brother Lil'White says 7:3 then its 7:3, otherwise I'll kill you..."

NalanPureSouls people all got up and glowered at Lin Le. Everyone was prepared for a battle because they knew that this little guy might speak recklessly, but he really dared to follow up. He was a super ruthless person that would do as he says. If he says attack, then he'll attack. It would only take him an instant to charge into battle, and he would definitely not be lenient. He was one of Really New Village's Three Brothers, Brother Mad Devil Le!

Zhang ZhengXiong coldly examined the other side. He slapped down on his greaves, picked up his large warhammer, then began stretching his neck. His eyes showed that he was looking down on the other side. Wang was surprised by the sudden change in mood, and panicked. He looked at Lin Le and Zhang ZhengXiong's obvious provocation, and looked desperately towards the team's brain - Little Ye Tian. All he saw was her glancing over and then continuing to play with Wu Na and the pets. "Little Ren, remember that one wearing the white sackcloth (Priest). If there's a fight, cut off her head, got it? Good boy~~~"

Wang gasped. As expected of Brother Hero's daughter...

Wu Na wasn't very worried. She just pet Little Ye Tian's head. "Girls shouldn't say such terrifying things, got it? You should say cut off her F cups..."

*Hellooo, the way you say it is even more terrifying!* Wang was already drenched in cold sweat. Then he looked towards the aforementioned objects, those F cups. He couldn't help becoming somewhat excited... *Let's fight! Please!*

SpyingBlade's hands hovered over his swords, no one could tell what he was thinking.

NalanMoon frowned, then sighed. If Lele really started a fight, her side would suffer. Not only equipment, but the other side even had SpyingBlade. The other part of their main force was currently in the south. She looked at the two who were once again staring deeply into eachother's eyes, the surrounding activity didn't affect their amorous gaze. NalanMoon was about to mediate, when NalanPureSoul covered his mouth and laughed. "Alright, I'll stop joking. Brother PaleSnow, let's split it 50:50. Any less and it will be hurting our relationship. Everyone don't fight. Even if this deal isn't successful, we must still be open minded, right?"

Ye Cang shrugged, then reached out his hand. "Okay, 50:50 it is. Then Brother PureSoul, to a happy cooperation..."

NalanPureSoul hesitated before shaking his hand. "Happy cooperation."
