---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 279"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 279: Lake on the Mountain**

ThornyRose learned of Ye Cang and NalanPureSoul's cooperation, and looked at the screenshots. DyedLily noticed an acquaintance in the picture. "Isn't that Nana?"

"You know her?" ThornyRose raised her brows. 

"Mm, a member I invited in Maple Forest Village. Her aptitude is not bad, and she's a very friendly person." DyedLily nodded.

ThornyRose recalled the time she had visited their seaside cottage. Certainly, it was much to clean and tidy for a place where 3 guys lived. "Let's finish our quest before chatting."

...

Ye Cang and NalanPureSoul shared quests after coming to an agreement. Little Ye Tian received the information the other side had gathered. They were tasked to destroy a gang of bandits who have been terrorizing this region. The bandit hideout should be in the same direction, and was extremely close to the treasure chest. Everything was in the area around Caldo Peak.

Ye Cang kept the treasure map a secret. After thinking over the things Little Ye Tian had told him, he began to plot ways to deceive them.

The sky brightened.

Ye Cang and NalanPureSoul's parties set off towards Caldo Peak. The winding mountain trails would occasionally spiral upwards or have them walk along wooden planks. Finally, they approached Caldo Peak. Ye Cang looked down and saw that to the right, a few kilometers away, was a small lake. "Let's go check it out..."

NalanPureSoul also noticed the lake, and decided it would be fine to go have a look. They could even find some clues. There would usually be something interesting in places like that.

Everyone cleared up the demon beasts on the road. Ye Cang took out the edible fried maggot meat so that everyone could get a buff. NalanPureSoul saw the foods stats. It really was equivalent to a distinguished equipment + a passive skill. Most importantly, it increased resistance and restored mana. Ye Cang knew that NalanPureSoul was a spellcaster, so he handed over a large large piece of fried maggot as well as some magic springwater. "10 gold, you don't have to thank me..."

NalanPureSoul was not stingy, directly taking out 10 gold. As a spellcaster, he knew how useless they were without mana. In this game, spellcasters had been nerfed by making it difficult to recover mana, but in exchange, the strength of magic had increased.

As they travelled further, Ye Cang noticed a sign along the path. "Fishmen appear from hereon, please do not approach. (As long as you don't trespass, they won't attack you.)"

"So they are neutral creatures?" NalanPureSoul stroked his chin. *Go in or don't go in. If we don't deal with it correctly, we could become hostile with this fishmen tribe. NalanMoon and the others who come from Really New Village all know a bit of the fishmen language. PaleSnow seems to be very proficient with it.* He was just about to inquire when Ye Cang arrogantly strut in.

Everyone arrived at the lakeside. Many brownish yellow scaled, 2 meter tall fishmen with white stomachs jumped out. "Mmmrrgllm, mrgle nk!"

"Mmmrrgllm Klun, mglrmglmglmgl! #$@..." Ye Cang skillfully said.

The fishmen began to smile, acting very cordially, "Mmmrrglllm!"

A while later, a 3 meter tall fishman emerged. In its hand was a large harpoon. It walked towards Ye Cang and the two exchanged a passionate hug. Then, like good friends, they jumped into the water and began to have a swimming competition. NalanPureSoul watched dumbstruck. Ye Cang had actually won... He made a mental note, don't fight him in the water...

The fishmen began to laugh, and pat Ye Cang's shoulder. "Mmmrrgllm! Mmm! Mmmrrgllm! Kaka!"

NalanMoon just watched with a blank expression. The fishman language was different from Really New Village's, so they couldn't understand a thing...

Ye Cang smiled and waved goodby. "Mmmrrgllm! Mmmurlok!"

"Let's go, continue up the mountain..." Ye Cang turned and shook his wet hair.

"......" Everyone was dumbfounded. *How can you not see how everyone is looking at you confused and astonished. We're all waiting to hear what happened!*

"Brother PaleSnow, what just happened?" NalanPureSoul asked with a smile.

"Oh, nothing much. This is the habitat of a small tribe of brown scaled fishmen called the Banerk. The one just now is the boss of the lake - Bansa. He's a really interesting guy. Earlier, he told a very funny joke. It went like this. So there's this green scaled fishman without arms or legs..." Ye Cang saw everyones expressions and decided to skip over the joke. "Haha, in short, he said those goblins often come over and throw things at them. Sometimes they even dump trash in the lake. Once, they even dared to injure his cousin's son - Little Banjo. He offered to lend us some fishman warriors to go take revenge, but first I needed to prove my strength, so we had a swimming competition. Since I won, I'm now the brown scaled fishman tribe's honorary warrior and gained worshipped prestige... That's it."

Wu Na facepalmed. *That's it!? There's a clue for the quest, external help, a rare prestige, and a title! That's it!?!?*

SpyingBlade thought back to the abundant rewards they had obtained back at the blue scaled fishmen village. Even now, it was one of Really New Village's must visit places. Many of the skillbooks there were rare or unique. Fishmen seemed to be quite rich. "Can we develop it like with the blue scaled fishmen?"

FrozenCloud also wanted to know about this. Their team leader seemed to be blessed by heaven, able to speak so many random languages. She had asked one of her friends who played an elf, and none of them could speak fishmen languages or anything else. Druids who could speak to leopards, bears, wolves, and some other simple animals. As for their team leader, he could even understand the fishmen's inside jokes.

"I don't know. It should be possible, but we should focus on the quest first. Afterwards, we can try to set up a relationship between Bal Village and the Banerk. They should be able to form a mutually beneficial relationship..." Ye Cang shrugged.

Little Ye Tian calculated that if her father really managed to do this, he might even be appointed as mayor. But there was a premise, they had to rescue Verali. Although Bal Village was remote, but they had a lot of potential land that they could expand into. Moreover, if they continued north, it would be the great wasteland. It was still early, but there would come a day when it becomes an important place for adventurers, so it would be a good choice to turn this place into a hub between Black Rock City and the wasteland. Also, Black Peaks, besides having a few military locations, only has tiny villages...

NalanPureSoul was also interested in this. He looked at Ye Cang's back and recalled his full title. Really New Village's Diplomatic Hero. He faintly smiled...
