---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 281"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Riff"
---

### Chapter 281: Infiltration

Sundown.

NalanPureSoul was still sort of out of it. That pot of stew was too deadly. He turned and saw the bitter look NalanBeauty was giving him, and sighed.

Ye Cang looked into the distance with his Eagle Eye and prepared his bow. He pulled it into an arc, and aimed a precise shot at one of the goblin guard. SpyingBlade and NalanMoon were up ahead, ready to slit throats. Precise Shot pierced the targets eye. Lin Le leapt over and beheaded two more with a single slash. SpyingBlade and NalanMoon were already inside and took out the goblin axe-throwers on the watchtowers. Ye Cang and Wu Na climbed up one of the towers. NalanPureSoul and NalanBeauty climbed up another one. They began to inform the people below of the goblin's patrol routes, while sniping from afar. 

NalanPureSoul frowned. He had only realized when they came in, but there could be up to 300 goblins in the stronghold. The biggest wooden building over there probably belongs to the leader. First they had to prioritize taking out the patrols without alerting any of the sleeping goblins.

Zhang ZhengXiong, who was hidden between two wooden houses, saw that there were 5 elite patroller approaching his hiding place. He suddenly charged out,  knocking two of them over. FrozenCloud pounced onto one of them. Lin Le and Little Ren took one each. Wang instructed the water elemental to use ice spells in order to slow them down. Ye Cang provided assistance from the sentry tower using his longbow. The situation was quickly settled. On the other side, NalanMight, NalanMoon, and SpyingBlade had dealt with the other groups. Wu Na sighed. Ye Cang's range was so far, she could only attack from half the distance. Even her strongest spells, like Ice Spear, worked better from close range.

NalanPureSoul was also envious of Ye Cang's range. He was even able to help the other side.

Once they secretly took out all the patrols, Ye Cang thought for a bit. His two hands glowed with a fiery light, then a flame burst exploded in the sky. NalanPureSoul watched his actions from the other side. *Using a flameburst as a signal? So extravagant.* He took out his magic springwater and began to drink, slowly recovering the mana he consumed.

"Let's assemble. First go into the biggest building first and see if the person we need to rescue is there or not..." NalanPureSoul reminded. Ye Cang leaped off the watchtower, and everyone carefully made their way over. Some of the guards and patrolmen were as tall as normal people, so the doors were appropriately sized. There would probably be a boss inside. Ye Cang looked to Lin Le, "Later, when we open the door, throw a molotov in."

"Ok..." Lin Le said, patting his bag. Little Ye Tian quickly stopped them. "Father, what if the captive is also inside. The molotov will burn her to death with the goblins. Our priority is to rescue, killing the boss is secondary..."

"She's right..." NalanPureSoul also wanted to warn them of this.

"Then let's storm in. You guys take care of the goblins inside. I'll look around..." Ye Cang nodded. They couldn't possibly kill a little girl. 

Ye Cang signalled for Zhang ZhengXiong to open the door.

Zhang ZhengXiong pulled open the door and rushed in. The first thing they saw was a 20 meter wide, stinky lounge. There was even a bonfire inside. Two goblins were startled awake by the sudden break in. One of them was 4 meters tall, with a robust body. It quickly reached out and picked up an enormous club made out of a fang. The other one was about as tall as a human, and it wore the skulls of animals and humans as necklaces and head-ornaments. In its hand was a bone hatchet. "Akorthaar! Akhan!!"

"He said, 'You damn intruders should all die! Gotano, kill them!!'" Ye Cang translated as he raised his bow and performed a Triple Shot, Multishot, and Bone Spikes. A rain of arrows shot forth.

Gotano (Goblin - Boss - Nightmare): To be able to become a chief, his bravery is indisputable, at least compared to his tribe members.

Greenda (Goblin - Boss - Nightmare): The great sage that even the tribe chief listens to. A goblin with high intelligence and good at magic.

The buff goblin Gotano roared. It brandished its enormous tooth and charged at everyone. Ye Cang reached out and pointed at Gotano. A mark appeared, increasing everyone attack against him by 5%. Then he translated, "He said, 'More humans to eat!'"

Everyone was astonished by Ye Cang's mysterious language ability. Zhang ZhengXiong also shouted, and performed a Barbaric Tackle. FrozenCloud and the others began to move. Her claws extended out of the gauntlets, and she activated the ability of her claws, pouncing towards the goblin that appeared to be a shaman - Greenda.

The Zhang ZhengXiong and Gotano collided. Something FrozenCloud couldn't anticipate happened. Zhang ZhengXiong was launched away, smashing into the wall. Ye Cang was also stunned. This goblin was much smaller than some of the oversized bosses they've fought, at only 4 meters tall, but it was actually stronger than the 10 meter large bosses! When was the last time a boss could send Zhang ZhengXiong flying? What a difference in strength!

Zhang ZhengXiong stood up after slamming into the wall. He roared, "Careful, don't compete in strength with this fang club guy. God, that hurt like hell..."

Zhang ZhengXiong didn't even get to finish before Lin Le used his enormous blade to try and block the fang club, and was sent flying, landing beside Zhang ZhengXiong. Rolling around in pain, he complained, "Brother Lil'Xiong, say so earlier..."

Ye Cang quickly cast a healing stream on Lin Le. Little Ye Tian healed Zhang ZhengXiong. Ye Cang looked at the berserk goblin and frowned. It was already too late to leave. He reached out and a pike flew out of his shadow. NalanPureSoul smiled, "Brother PaleSnow, go ahead, leave this place to me..."

"Bro, leave it to us!" Zhang ZhengXiong also called out.

"Yeah. Brother Lil'White, hurry and go." Lin Le said, lowering his stance and then like a ghost, walking straight through everything to help out FrozenCloud. NalanPureSoul quickly chanted, and cast a debuff on Gotano that increased damage taken and decreased movement speed. He called out, "Might, go around and assist FrozenCloud. Dark, no SpyingBlade, come control the boss with HeavenlyShakingMight. The others, surround him. Mages, stand at the door. Be careful not to make too much noise and alert the neighboring buildings. Prepare to deal with any additional enemies! Go!"

Ye Cang faintly smiled. He slipped into the shadow and appeared near Greenda. Flame Blade coated his pike. It changed into five flaming lines which struck towards the boss. He then activated his shoes' shadow step, and disappeared from everyone's view. He reappeared in the distance near a stairway which led down to the basement. Quietly, he made his way down. NalanPureSoul watched Ye Cang vanish. *Shadow type teleportation?* Fire erupted from his delicate hand. Gotano's attack no longer had the same effect, as he couldn't get any solid hits in. Zhang ZhengXiong relied on dodging and deflecting, working together with SpyingBlade and NalanMoon to attack the boss. The one who had the easiest time was Wang. He stood at the doorway, and controlled his water elemental to attack from afar. Wu Na was chanting Ice Spear, but it seemed to do limited damage against Gotano.
