---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 282"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 282: Verali**

NalanPureSoul frowned. This boss was too difficult. It's not something that a team of 15 could take on, even if everyone was an elite. Even with PaleSnow's mark and his own curse, they still couldn't deal any significant damage. What difficulty was this quest? The spellcaster goblin hadn't even done anything yet. It looked like FrozenCloud and the others weren't having an easy time against Greenda. All of Lele's attacks were blocked by the hatchet. *Brother PaleSnow, I hope you can successfully rescue the captive, because the chances of winning this fight aren't big, unless help comes.*

Ye Cang had made it to the basement, which was even bigger than above. Ye Cang stared surprised at a woman who was even larger than Gotano. More accurately speaking, it was a female organism that was gnawing on a demon beast's leg. As she was about to finish, she roared, "I'm hungry!!!"

The sound was so loud that he could almost feel the building shake. Ye Cang whispered, ""Um, could you be Verali...

"That's me. You are?" The female organism asked back.

"I'm someone your grandfather, Bal Village's chief, sent to rescue his granddaughter - a girl named Verali. Do you know her?" Ye Cang asked, feeling shaken. The image of a frail little girl in his mind shattered. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. *Liar! There's no way she can be Verali! Such a pretty name, how can it be this... this elephant of a woman...*

"Hellooo, I just told you, I'm Verali..." The woman with arms thicker than Ye Cang's waist said, a hint of displeasure in her voice. When she stood up, the floor seemed to shake. *The old man said she was kidnapped, let's not be quick to judge. In order to kidnap this thing, it would definitely not be easy... I fear they would have to sacrifice many lives. Just what did man breed with to produce this? A dinosaur?* He immediately gulped.

The people fighting hard on the main floor were reaching their limit. Greenda could cast healing magic which couldn't be interrupted. Even Lin Le's handcart skills were suppressed. The battle couldn't progress. The goblins in the other buildings also sensed the disturbance, and were slowly coming out. Wang, who was at the doorway, shouted, "A large amount of goblins are coming!!"

NalanPureSoul ground his teeth, but still looked lovely. *Not done yet? Even if we have to lose our lives, it will be worth it as long as we complete this mission! Brother PaleSnow, don't let me down...*

Just as NalanMight and Lin Le were sent flying by Greenda's magic, Wang saw the incoming goblins get speared by numerous harpoons. Tens of agile shadows engaged in battle. A large fishman held a harpoon and laughed loudly.

Everyone could finally let go of their anxiety. The situation had alleviated, but still didn't look hopeful. They still had no way to deal with these two bosses. Suddenly, a terrifying scream came from the basement.

Boom! The basement door was blasted away. Both bosses seemed to shiver in fear.

A 4 meter tall, obese, female organism squeezed out. Gotano gulped. A fist came at him but he didn't dare dodge. Kapow! He was immediately sent flying into the wall, and smashing right through it, leaving a large hole behind.

"Even if you're my fiancee, how can you treat the heroes that my grandpa sent to save me so rudely. I need to teach you a lesson!!" 

Greenda, who everyone was having trouble with, began to beg for forgiveness. 

This sudden drama made NalanPureSoul, Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and everyone else all stunned. Ye Cang smiled bitterly from the remains of the basement doorway. *We're supposed to rescue this!? It's her rescuing us...*

The goblins and fishmen outside the door blinked at each other, then began to flee. Bansa called out to Ye Cang, "...... (F\*\*k! It's Verali! Rescue my ass, she's this area's most terrifying existence!)"

After shouting, he brought all his people away. Ye Cang bowed to them and apologized sincerely, "I was wrong..."

Lin Le blinked and said, "Lil'Dino, were you like this before too?"

FrozenCloud was speechless. Her chest tightened and she lost strength in her legs. She had no idea how to respond.

Verali looked at everyone, especially Ye Cang, and smiled, "Thanks for saving me. That's just like grandpa. I've already grown up and have my own life, but he always thinks I'm here because I was kidnapped. Nono, come here! Come greet the heroes my grandpa sent!!"

Gotano jumped back in through the destroyed wall, and rubbed his head, embarrassed. "Maal'duun!"

The speechless group was about to respond, but Verali hit him again, sending him flying through another wall. "Louder! These are the heros my grandpa sent!!"

Greenda began to suck up to this person.

"He said 'Lady boss is so strong...'" Ye Cang translated.

"......"

"Don't take it seriously, he's just afraid of my motherly aura. When you go back, tell grandpa that I'm planning to keep living here. They're all very good to me. I'm very healthy, and eat well. Tell him to take care of his own health instead of worrying about me. I'll bring Nono over and meet him in a few days to have him approve of our marriage..." Verali's words made everyone feel as if they were shocked by lightning. Even NalanPureSoul had goosebumps from head to toe, and seemed petrified. *Verali... such a nice name..."*

Ye Cang was the first to be unpetrified. He smiled amiably, "I will, Vera. Congratulations on your marriage..."

Before he even finished, Verali was already acting shy like a young girl. She patted Ye Cang, making him feel like he had been hit by a truck. He was smashed through the wall and landed beside Gotano.

"......" Everyone gasped. Zhang ZhengXiong had already backed up to the doorway. Wu Na, FrozenCloud, and the others still couldn't react. *This is the one we have to rescue? Verali... This is Verali!? This macho woman who defeated the boss and team leader with a single touch!?*

Ye Cang felt like his bones had been shattered. He turned and looked at Gotano who was secretly shedding tears. The goblin quietly whispered to him, "I beg you, please save me. Bring her home and don't ever let her come back. Boo hoo... I'll never extort Bal Village again..." 

Ye Cang froze, then smiled indifferently. "Congratulations on your marriage..."

Gotano passed out after hearing Ye Cang's words, but he seemed to still be experiencing a nightmare. Even after passing out, his eyes were still open wide. He was like an abused young wife.

Ye Cang looked at his own health. There was only 4 left. Sweat immediately began to drip down her forehead. He slowly got up and healed himself, then walked out of the hole in the wall.

"Thank you. From now on, you'll be an honored guest. Feel free to come when you like..." Verali said, as if she was the master of this place. Greenda, who was by the side, wisely nodded.

"Congratulations, you've 'Rescued Verali' and earned the friendship of the goblin tribe. Prestige becomes revered."
