---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 284"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 284: Poison Tactics**

"Leave it to me, I have a plan..." Ye Cang said. He began making a fire, and took out 5 pots and began to cook. He added many Red Skull Shrooms, a tiny bit of Moss-green Fluorescent Ghost Mushrooms, monstrous bird breast meat, kagu bug meat, and black mountain python meat. He then stewed it all. A fragrant smell surprised everyone. *It actually smells so good?* They looked at the food's attributes and it was not bad. The downside was that the mortality rate was extremely high. It would deal 75 damage a second... They all broke out in cold sweat. *He wants to poison them? And also! Doesn't this mean you can make good food if you try!*

"Since it's for them, I won't make it so extravagant, and save some ingredients. It just has to be poisonous enough..." Ye Cang said while he stirred. Everyone glowered angrily, because by holding back and using less mysterious ingredients, it actually became more delicious. Wu Na reminded him, "In the future, you can use less of that demonic skeleton thing..."

Everyone all began to persuade him, but Ye Cang would rather die than submit. He was determined to travel this path of his.

"Impossible! Those are things I'll be eating! How can I not pack it full of nutrients!? How can I not try new things!? This is me! This is the path I walk!" Ye Cang stubbornly said, making everyone sigh.

NalanPureSoul broke out in cold sweat. Cooking isn't something that becomes better the more you throw in it. Although he wanted to tell this to Ye Cang, but he probably wouldn't listen. He could only sigh. Also, even if they put poisonous food out, would people just randomly eat it? If it was himself, he would definitely find it suspicious.

Everyone felt the same, but they saw Ye Cang's passion and didn't want to ruin his enthusiasm. Wu Na and FrozenCloud didn't want to say anything in front of outsiders, and NalanPureSoul's group didn't want to offend the party leader.

Ye Cang happily put away the 5 pots of poison, then took out a rope. "Later, Lele, you go near the cliff. I'll set these."

Lin Le tied the rope to his waist, then jumped to the cliff. Ye Cang jumped too, melding into shadow and appearing on the roof of a wooden cabin. A few leaps and he arrived at the middle of the camp. He placed the 5 pots and shouted, "Midnight snack! Midnight Snack!!"

Then he melded into shadow again and appeared on top of a building. He looked up and saw Lin Le hanging above him in midair. The moon shined on them, creating shadows on the cliff. Ye Cang jumped and grabbed onto Lin Le's hand. Then the two of them climbed back up to the top of the cliff.

"Wait, are you sure they will be tricked? I feel like this plan is a bit dumb. How can they not doubt so many pots of hot food suddenly appearing?" Zhang ZhengXiong said. As everyone was about to sigh, they heard a sound from below.

"Tonight's midnight snack is not bad. It smells so good. There's a lot too. Tell everyone to bring their bowls!" Ye Cang had just climbed up, when the patrolmen began to call everyone over.

Soon after.

"Congratulations, you've slain a Black Peaks Scout. Received 125 experience."

"Congratulations, you've slain Black Peaks Labourer. Received 115 experience."

"Congratulations..."

Over 50 messages popped up. Everyone's mouths hung open. Ye Cang crossed his arm and sneered. "I'm a grandmaster strategist. Questioning my genius is just as stupid as questioning my cooking and divine hand..."

Everyone was speechless. Besides Lin Le and Little Ye Tian, who blindly worshipped him, as well as the two pets, the others were all thinking, *just how dumb are these bandits. How could they not find 5 pots of food randomly appear in the middle of their base suspicious?*

"There's no time to lose. Let's go in..." NalanMoon ordered, waking everyone from their stupor. 

They all circled around and arrived at the camp. They saw the pile of bandits all in the middle. There was still a boss level bandit who hadn't died yet. He had a hand on his stomach and looked at the new arrivals. "You're so sneaky. Actually poisoning our food... I'll take you all on!!"

Ye Cang immediately unleashed a Multishot, and Bone Spikes, directly shooting him dead. "Become experience and equipment..."

"Congratulations, you've slain Black Peaks Captain - Lork. Received 2000 experience."

NalanPureSoul was amazed. A boss that gives 2000 experience probably wasn't weak. He sighed and vowed to never eat suspicious things, especially if they randomly appear out of nowhere. He turned and looked at Ye Cang who was being restrained. He sighed once again. *His strength and judgement are good. I'm definitely below him at switching between so many weapons and spells! But... he's truly less than impressive when it comes to cooking and other things.*

Lin Le quickly looted the corpse, then sensed some commotion from another camp. He walked over and looked at the others. Then he drew his weapon and charged with assault charge. NalanPureSoul thought to himself, *not good*, then shouted, "Prepare for battle!!"

Ye Cang snapped out of his madness, and began shooting with his bow. Zhang ZhengXiong directly charged at the enemy lines, blocking countless bandits. Lin Le waved his enormous blade, causing bursts of blood. SpyingBlade fought amongst the enemy ranks as if taking a walk, dodging attacks and slitting throats all around him. NalanPureSoul looked at the tens of bandits, and hellfire burned atop his hands. It turned into a rotating ring of fire and shot out, inflicting heavy damage. Looking at the burning bandits, he reached out and grasped the air! Conflagrate! They all exploded!

Ye Cang raised his brows and put away his longbow, not wanting to lose. His Flame Burst sent bandits flying tens of meters, and his Tidal Wave pushed countless more bandits flying back. He continued chanting and an icicle appeared. With a wave of his hand, it shattered into ten shards of ice and shot out, piercing bandits and slowing them.

NalanClearSoul shook his head. That guys spellcasting was abnormal. It's not just the numbers though, he used his spells very skillfully. Everyone fought in the chaotic battle, using all their strength. Wu Na's Ice Spear and Ice Arrows pierced many bodies. Wang's water elemental matched her well. Together, they slowed many enemies. NalanBeauty was a standard fire-mage. Her ability to cause aoe destruction we impressive. FrozenCloud showed of the impressive PVP ability of a grappler, throwing out countless moves: leg sweeps, flying kicks, evading and destroying her enemies. She worked together well with NalanMoon, fighting flashily.

Little Ye Tian and NalanSuzy, the two support, stood at the back continuously throw out heals. Little Ye Tian looked at NalanSuzy unhappily. Being a priest was convenient, having more spellpower and being able to use healing spells more effectively, however a paladin was sturdier, and she had the Pearls of Light skill to make up for it. Moreover, being a healer wasn't just about who healed more. 

Ye Cang saw that there was a boss level spellcaster casting a spell. He noticed that it was a wind type spell like windblade or something, so he ignored it, because battlefield was simply too chaotic and SpyingBlade was in the direction of the spell.

Ye Cang was able to observe the battlefield with his night vision. The spell was taking a bit too long to cast. It probably wasn't a normal spell. He quickly stopped his own spellcasting, and pretended to not be paying attention, even though he was constantly monitoring every detail.
