---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 286"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 286: Unexpected Kiss**

NalanMoon looked back and couldn't take it anymore. The two of them were still staring into eachother's eyes. "Ahem!!"

Ye Cang faintly smiled. "We're about done recovering. Brother PureSoul, you go ahead, I'll support you..."

"Brother PaleSnow is too humble. You should show off your spells. I'll watch your back..." NalanPureSoul said with a flirtatious tone.

"No no, ladies first~..." Ye Cang said, passing the hot potato back.

"Don't be like that. Brother PaleSnow is so different from normal people, you must be extraordinary. If I go first, I'll be laughed at..." NalanPureSoul covered his mouth and said in a lovely voice. 

NalanMoon and her group were a bit annoyed that Ye Cang used her brother's beauty against him. Zhang ZhengXiong and his group were upset that NalanPureSoul would make an attack on Ye Cang's white hair. 

The two of them stood up. Lin Le saw an elite bandit jumped down from the roof at them, so he quickly leapt over and charged. Ye Cang drew his pike, and made a lazy stab, impaling the bandit. He didn't even turn to look while making this attack, not taking his eyes off NalanPureSoul. The bandit's corpse slowly slid off his pike. Lin Le's charge couldn't be stopped. He roared, "Brother Lil'White, I'll protect..."

Lin Le saw the unmoving bandit's body, and his charge became a crash. Ye Cang reacted but was still knocked over by Lin Le, making his body leaned forwards. NalanPureSoul quickly reacted too, dodging to the side to avoid the crash. While falling, Ye Cang happened to dodge in the same direction as NalanPureSoul. Everyone froze at the sight.

The two of them were - as if fated - kissing. Ye Cang was on top, NalanPureSoul on the bottom. It looked like a very sentimental scene. 

"...you..." Lin Le saw the scene he had caused as he said his last word. He quickly raised his sword and charged back to the front lines. "Too evil! Actually setting me up!!"

NalanMoon, Wu Na, and the others all stared at the two, with gaping mouths. NalanPureSoul was momentarily stunned. Ye Cang was the same. When they snapped out of it, they quickly separated with a loud smooch, which made the atmosphere even more awkward. 

NalanPureSoul's face was so red that it looked like it would bleed. He glared at Ye Cang, not knowing what to say.

Ye Cang was also at a loss. *I actually kissed a man... I actually kissed a man...* Those words replayed again and again in his mind, however it actually felt much better than ThornyRose's lips. He immediately broke out in cold sweat, and quickly shook his head and said, "Brother PureSoul, that just now was an accident..."

After saying that, Ye Cang disappeared and went to surprise attack the boss, unleashing all his skills.

NalanPureSoul didn't say anything. He simply began putting his magic to full use. Wu Na and NalanBeauty, who had run out of mana, began to gossip, making NalanPureSoul feel even more embarrassed. He didn't know what they were talking about, but they would look over at him from time to time, then whisper some more. The redness had already spread to his ears. Even as one of the Four Heavenly Kings, he didn't know what to do. He looked at Ye Cang's back and wondered what he was thinking. His delicate hands slapped his smooth face, and he put his entire attention into casting hellfires and conflagrates.

With the two of them giving their all, the two strong bosses turned into experience and equipment. When it came time to distribute equipment, NalanPureSoul chose to give up the initiative. "PaleSnow, you can choose first."

Everyone stared at them expressionlessly. *Are you together now? You're even addressing him differently.*

"PureSoul, you first." Ye Cang said, feeling bad.

"Then... alright." NalanPureSoul said acting shy like a young girl. This made Zhang ZhengXiong, FrozenCloud and the others shiver. As for OldWangFromNextDoor, his face was full of envy. *NalanPureSouls bashful expression, how many people in the world could say they've seen it? Team Leader is awesome!*

Wu Na's gossip had turned into an intense jealousy. Her sour expression was obvious for all to see. Even NalanPureSoul saw it, but didn't know what to say, so chose to remain silent. He crossed his arms, but his fingers wouldn't stop tapping.

NalanMoon didn't know how to describe how she felt. Her little brother, ever since he was young, besides that important body part, was no different from a girl. He had a matchless complexion, and was humble and graceful. He was obvious a cut above the rest, whether in the game, martial arts, studying, or even the way to conduct oneself in society. In everything, he was the best out of their generation of the family. His appearance now, although it wasn't clear yet, but she had a feeling that he looked just like a girl in love. *Oh no! Don't tell me he'll end up like NalanJade. The man that gave his everything for the Chrysanthemum Emperor. No one knows how he ended up, whether the Chrysanthemum Emperor accepted him, or abandoned him. The family only knows that NalanJade disappeared along with the Chrysanthemum Emperor, leaving behind no regrets...*

NalanMoon recalled a phrase. A temptress, lives for emotion. Can die for love. Can transform the world for passion...

Ye Cang received the remaining half of the equipment and skillbooks. He actually discovered that the other party hadn't taken all the good items, leaving many behind. Suddenly, all his hairs stood on end. Truth be told, Ye Cang would have preferred it if he had taken all the good items. It would have made things easier for him. He didn't know what to do about this indescribably dubious atmosphere. He looked around a the surrounding people's stares.

Ye Cang sighed, and distributed the equipment to his party. FrozenCloud took two items. Zhang ZhengXiong took one. The skillbook - Bone Penetrating Eyes (Passive, +15% armor penetration) was given to Lin Le. He then stroked his chin. "Pure... Brother PureSoul, everyone's quest has finished, let us part here and meet up in the village at dawn to receive our rewards..."

NalanPureSoul hesitated a long time before nodding. "Alright..."

Ye Cang sighed in relief, then brought Zhang ZhengXiong and the others away.

NalanPureSoul sighed, staring off in the direction Ye Cang had left. *Many things can't be rushed. I'm confident I can make you fall for me.* He raised his hand to touch his lips. NalanMoon saw this, and sighed deeply. She hoped that her premonition was wrong, but whatever the case, she didn't want to see her little brother become sad. She gripped her daggers tightly.

Ye Cang saw the looks everyone was giving him, and roared, "I'm straight!! Lele!! It's all you're fault!"

Lin Le quickly hid behind Wu Na, feeling wronged. "It wasn't on purpose, I just wanted to protect you..."

"Don't blame everything on Lele and A'Xiong. You dare say you have no affection!?" Wu Na's jealousy had long been triggered.

"I'm a man!!" Ye Cang roared, then sighed. *Whether there's any affection, I'm not sure... I'm not able to feel those things anymore. Some feelings, such as love... QinXue's warmth, and that heart tearing despair. I... have already lost them.*

"Umm, boss. Even if NalanPureSoul is a man, you can still accept him..." Wang said. Then he was forced to drink the remaining stew.

Ye Cang looked at Wu Na's back. *Nana... I can't feel it, but... I know...*
