---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 289"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 289: Weak Sauce**

Ye Cang thought about his skill order for a moment and decided on: Meteor Shot, Explosive Arrow, Multishot, Bone Spikes, Triple Shot, Ice Shards. He brought everyone to the edge of the room then drew his bow and began to charge a meteor shot. NalanPureSoul saw that on the tip of the arrow, spiral energy was beginning to condense, and figured it must be a skill from a secret quest, because it was definitely at least an epic grade. Both its power and penetrative ability were extremely impressive, comparable to his own explosions.

Ye Cang suddenly stepped into the room's entrance, and released his arrow at a warlock. The fierce, spiraling meteor shot through a nearby demon before piercing the warlock's head. As the warlocks and demons reacted, an Explosive Arrow landed amongst them, sending them flying. Following that was a Multishot, Bone Spikes, and Triple Shot; like a mini volley of arrows, they pierced towards the heart of the enemies. Immediately, the 2 squads of lesser demons were annihilated, leaving only a few stragglers. Everyone took this time to charge into a chaotic melee. Ye Cang's two hands began to emit an icy energy, and a block of ice appeared. With a wave of his hand, it splintered into over 10 pieces and shot out, hitting the demon warrior charging at Zhang ZhengXiong as well as the nearby demons and warlocks. NalanPureSoul raised a brow upon seeing Ye Cang's performance. Such powerful aoe abilities. Heavy longbows inherently have a piercing effect allowing all arrows to have a chance at piercing through their targets, so many arrows hit more than one target. Moreover, these lesser demons don't have much armor, so practically every arrow was hitting three or four of them. With such a fierce volley of arrows, the results were clear to see.

NalanPureSoul threw out a hoop of fire. Hitting 3 warlocks and succubi. He then grasped with his hand and it exploded, sending a heat wave surging outwards. Seeing that Ye Cang had begun to cast Flame Burst, he shivered and gave a hurried reminder, "Flame Burst will cause friendly fire..."

"It's fine. Three~ pointer~" Ye Cang said indifferently, then made as if to throw a basketball. The ball of fire flew towards SpyingBlade's direction.

SpyingBlade sensed a malicious intent behind him, and turned to see a Flame Burst coming at him. His chest tightened, and he quickly reached out, pulling a warlock over, and kicked off him to get behind a pillar. The heat and shock from the explosion blew past him along with the screams of warlocks and demons. *That bastard! That was definitely on purpose!*

"Tsk, dodged again..." Ye Cang turned away and whispered unhappily.

NalanPureSoul blushed with shame. *Eh, he really is a bit vile, but what is this pleasant feeling?* He shook the thought out of his head, and continued casting spells...

Ye Cang cast a Healing Stream on NalanMight, and his heavy longbow continued to shoot, harvesting lives. Lin Le looked at a succubus that had dodged his attack. A loveliness and seductiveness began to suffuse the succubus's eyes. He felt his hands and feet rebelling against him, and quickly crossed his eyes. The eyes of the succubus staring at him also became crossed, being inflicted confusion. *Eh, what am I doing here?*

Lin Le's whole body relaxed, and he rubbed his eyes. He took a few strides and swung his enormous blade! Execute! He then turned and leapt towards the boss level demon warrior that Zhang ZhengXiong was currently up against. NalanMight was up against a horned demon boss; coordinating with NalanBeauty and NalanMoon, they methodically chipped away at it.

Ye Cang aimed at a warlock who was casting a spell in a corner. It seemed like it was a spell with a long cast time. He put away his longbow, and prepared to use steal spell. When he saw a summoning circle appear, he made a grasping motion while using Dashing Straight Thrust and Shadow Step to instantly appear beside the warlock. His shoulder smashed into him, knocking him to flying into the wall, then suddenly he turned, and unleashed the energy gathered in his hand into the summoning circle. "Appear! Divine Beast!!!" 

The summoning circle lit up.

Everyone looked towards the summoning circle. When the light faded, a 20cm tall, pointy eared, shrivelled lesser demon appeared, blinking its eyes, looking foolishly at Ye Cang. Ye Cang also blinked, looking back at it.

"Congratulations, you've summoned a contracted demon - Mix-Breed Lesser Demon."

"The demon wishes to follow you. Grateful for your summon, it's loyalty is maxed."

"Please give it a name."

Ye Cang froze upon hearing the system message. His pike appeared and he unconsciously stabbed towards the warlock on the wall while he looked at the Lesser Demon's attributes

Name: Unnamed

Contractor: PaleSnow

Loyalty: Extremely Grateful (It seems to have been bullied by other contracted lesser demons.)

Level: 5

Specialty: None.

Race: Contracted Demon - Mixed-Breed Lesser Demon (A demonic creature even more inferior than a lesser demon. An existence that even a lesser demon can look down on due to its impure blood.)

Grade: G

Strength: 2

Dexterity: 3

Constitution: 2

Inteligence: 4

Wisdom: 2

Skills: None.

Ye Cang was dumbfounded. Those attributes... He suddenly felt like throwing up blood. Everyone looked at it with peculiar eyes while stifling laughter. Ye Cang suddenly felt embarrassed. He looked at the pike in his hand. *Should I just stab it to death?* But he couldn't bring himself to do it when he looked at those grateful eyes. He sighed. *I guess it can be Reserve Ration #2. Who knows, it might taste good. Name...* "Weak Sauce."

"Gudalaka! Aka!" The mixed-blood lesser demon happily received the name. Ye Cang understood what he was saying. 'Thank you for bestowing upon me a name, master.' Ye Cang waved him off, "Daka Nadu (Go to the back and cheer)."

Everyone watched as the small lesser demon went to a corner and began to cheer. NalanMoon and Wu Na couldn't take it. They pointed at Ye Cang and began laughing out loud. Just at that moment, the horned demon boss swept out with its tail. NalanMoon was laughing a bit too hard, so couldn't react in time. It hit her butt with a loud smack, sending her flying meters away. Little Ye Tian sighed, and cast a heal on her.

"That's what you get for laughing at me..." Ye Cang felt much better. He raised his brows and his pike blocked a longsword which was stabbing at his heart.

"So you aren't being controlled. Earlier, I saw you summon a demon, and thought it had devoured your soul. Looks like I was overthinking things..." SpyingBlade said seriously. He spoke like that, yet he continued exerting force on his longsword, trying to press it towards Ye Cang's heart.

"Hello? You should come up with a better excuse, and why aren't you taking your sword away, you just said it wasn't on purpose..." Ye Cang criticized.

"I thought I saw your heart turn black, I just want to confirm." SpyingBlade said indifferently.

"Brother SpyingBlade, the thing earlier wasn't on purpose. It was in order to speed up the battle, and I knew you would definitely dodge... It's like we have some sort of tacit understanding..." Ye Cang smiled indifferently. He pushed on his pike and the two of them separated, whispering towards each other, "Scum / Bastard..." 

"Hello, you two. Fight the boss!" NalanMoon said painfully, holding her butt.

With a few steps, SpyingBlade joined the battle against the horned demon. Ye Cang shadow stepped and arrived beside NalanPureSoul, returning to provide ranged firepower. He said with a sigh, "Really, such a narrow-minded guy..."

NalanPureSoul had no idea how to respond.
