---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 290"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 290: Round-Robin Distribution

The first to be taken out was the horned demon. Ye Cang, SpyingBlade, and NalanPureSoul had went all out to quickly finish it off. Zhang ZhengXiong used his holy text to heal the party, then Ye Cang waved his hand, "Tactics! Rapid Pursuit!"

The entire team's attack speed and movement speed shot up. All that could be seen were the assassins and melee fighters dancing around the boss like butterflies, as well as the ranged magic and arrows. The demon warrior didn't last long under their assault. NalanPureSoul couldn't help sighing when he imaged how the fight would go without them. It would have been a huge headache. That little girl and Mad Devil Le's damage were just too high. HeavenShakingMight was way tougher than someone should be at this point in the game, and most importantly, had a priest's suppression against demons, so could deal a significant amount of damage, thereby attracting a lot of aggro.

Ye Cang activated Dashing Straight Thrust to rush towards the demon warrior. NalanMoon pounced, but only grabbed air. She looked towards the motionless Zhang ZhengXiong and the others. "What are you guys doing!?"

"Well, we promised team leader that we wouldn't intercept him for the next boss..." FrozenCloud said, as if it had nothing to do with her.

SpyingBlade only sighed deeply. NalanPureSoul saw that Ye Cang had already looted the body, and was curious if it was really as strange as his sister described it.

Ye Cang slowly got up, and tried looting from another angle. Then he lied down and tried loot. Then sat up and tried looting. Then he turned the corpse over and tried looting again. Finally, he stroked his chin and said inconceivably, "This boss must have left home in a hurry, he didn't bring anything with him..."

The others all facepalmed, especially NalanMoon. She couldn't help feeling a familiar depression and anger. *This was a rare boss! It would have dropped distinguished equipment!*

"Umm, let me loot next one too... this one doesn't count. This boss is a bit lacking, it didn't even bring equipment." Ye Cang looked at everyone and said seriously.

Wu Na, FrozenCloud, Zhang ZhengXiong and the others all shook their heads. SpyingBlade sighed once again. *He really never fails to live up to expectations. Good thing it's someone else's boss. Although it is half ours, it's better than letting him loot a whole boss.*

NalanPureSoul gracefully came up to the demon warrior, and searched it. It really had nothing at all, just a body. He looked up at the 'innocent' Ye Cang, and then blushed. He didn't know why, but he suddenly liked him even more...

NalanMoon noticed his expression, and broke out in cold sweat. *Hey, little brother, what kind of expression is that...*

Ye Cang was just about to reach towards the horned demon boss, but was stopped by the rushing NalanMoon. NalanPureSoul was going to loot the corpse, but NalanMoon interrupted him, "Let HappyAndCheerful loot it and it'll definitely drop a Distinguished. His luck is really good..."

NalanPureSoul had also noticed this during their two excursions. This Mad Devil Le's luck never failed to impress, he always looted something. If it was like NalanMoon said, then he was an existence that was opposite of the team leader PaleSnow. He stepped back. Lin Le looted and called out, "Brother Lil'White, a big harvest! This boss dropped 5 distinguished equipment!!"

"I knew there was a reason I didn't find anything! That boss definitely gave all his stuff to the horned demon boss. Too evil..." Ye Cang analyzed seriously, but other than NalanPureSoul, no one listened to him. Even Little Ye Tian sighed.

NalanPureSoul took the items that Lin Le had passed over to Ye Cang for inspection. According to their agreement, they set it to round-robin distribution. "Brother PaleSnow, you first. I'll go second, then we'll alternate like that."

Ye Cang looked at the five items. They all had the demon tag, and their attributes were good. There happened to be a pair of pants type armor, so he decided to pick them first. 

Horned Demon's Leg Armor (Distinguished - Abyss - Demon)

Category: Heavy Greaves

Requirements: 120 Strength, 110 Constitution

+28 Defence

+18 Strength

+15 Constitution

+30 Fire Resistance

+7% Fortitude

+4 Spell Power

2% Physical / Magical Life Leach

Ye Cang replaced his shorts with dark red heavy greaves. It looked exceptionally gorgeous along with his black boots. NalanPureSoul picked out a spellcaster dagger, replacing his wand. It was Ye Cang's turn again.

Ye Cang looked at his team members and inquired, "If you want something, speak up."

"Brother Lil'White, Brother Lil'White. I want that necklace." Lin Le raised his hand and announced. As soon as he finished, Ye Cang took the necklace and passed it to Lin Le. "Wear it."

NalanPureSoul didn't say anything. That necklace had high strength, high damage, and even had an ability that exchanged 10% health for 30% damage for 20 seconds, making it especially useful for high burst damage characters. With this, Mad Devil Le's physical attacks were definitely the highest in the team, and the necklace ability would give him even higher burst damage.

NalanPureSoul chose a bright red spellcaster hood from amongst the two remaining items. All that was left was a pair of light, life leaching gloves. Ye Cang took them, and after losing a game of rock-paper-scissors to SpyingBlade, SpyingBlade put them on. Ye Cang ground his teeth. *Next time, I'll definitely blow him up...*

NalanMoon looked at SpyingBlade's equipment, especially his armor and longswords. It was nothing like what an assassin would wear, it more resembled a swordsman. Was he changing styles? In the past, although this guy fought more fiercely than a berserker, he still wore equipment resembling an assassin, nothing like a swordsman. But now, he looked exactly like a swordsman. Ever since they started working together, he has been a swordsman who fought together with the assassins. His attacks were extremely fierce. However, it was still too early to make conclusions, there was still time to change styles. Most importantly was that DarkBlade had returned...

Ye Cang chopped up the demon's body and tossed it into the cart, then started a fire and began cooking. He made the skeletal demon soup, but added some demon blood and flesh. The result was a further upgraded soup. The degree of disgustingness upgraded along with its effects. It was as if sulfur was added to the mixture, making the stink even worse. NalanPureSoul felt like if he closed his eyes, he wouldn't be able to open them again, it really stung the eyes that badly.  As for the effects, there was additional fire resistance. Demonic creatures mostly employ fire or mental attacks. Now with the extra fire resistance, everyone could relax a bit more. But looking at that pot of hell, they couldn't be happy about it. Learning from NalanPureSoul's strategy, Ye Cang rushed up to eat the first bowl. "Wow! So good!"

Everyone remained indifferent to his actions. They watched Ye Cang collapse to the ground, twitching, after a few seconds. NalanPureSoul poured himself a bowl. "Since we have to eat it, don't hesitate."

After speaking, he ate it, then collapsed gracefully and began to twitch.

Wu Na looked at the stew in her hand which made it difficult for her to open her eyes and made her stomach curl. With a sigh, she finally understood what it meant to choose Black Rock City. FrozenCloud was used to it. She merely prayed that she wouldn't die and have to drink it a second time, then drank it, instantly collapsing into a twitching mess.

Everyone drank their share. This time, two people died. One was Wu Na, the other NalanBeauty.

When the two realized they had died, their hearts sank. *Do we have to eat again?* They felt like people waiting for their execution.
