---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 291"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 291: Hell's Disciples

Due to them having leveled up again, the level 15 Ye Cang now sat stably in 2nd place of the rankings.

NalanMoon couldn't help sighing. This game was really a pain in the ass. The level rankings were shaky, leveling was slow, monsters were strong, recovery was restricted, and experience was even lost on death. Not just a little bit too, an entire 5%, though having a revive skill could negate this.

Ye Cang discovered that his class talent - Ranger's Mashup Spirit - was  really useful. The equipment that he normally couldn't wear, he now could thanks to the talent. He still had quite a few talent points that had not been used yet, so he put a points into it. He also put a point into steal spell. The remaining points were saved up. He still hadn't met the requirement to upgrade his heroic talent, or meteor shot. The rest were currently fine. On second thought, he spent another class talent point on Forest Hunter, turning it into Mountain Forest Hunter. 

Ranger's Mashup Spirit (Uncommon - Advanced Level): +8 all attributes, +8 all weapon proficiencies, can appoint three pieces of equipment (including weapons) which will have their requirements reduced by 50%. Works only on yourself. Can only equip 3 items with reduced requirements.

Mountain Forest Hunter (Rare - Intermediate Level): +10 Dexterity, +10 Wisdom, +10 Reflex, +15% movement speed. Reduces your resistance to inertia (more obvious than beginner level). When in forest or mountain type terrains, these effects are doubled and gain an additional 15% damage.

Steal Spell (Rare - Intermediate Level): Activate the moment an enemy would complete a spell. If successful, you take the spell and cast it at a target of your choosing. If the new target isn't decided within 3 seconds, receive a backlash, losing a portion of your health and mana. The rate of success is dependent on your timing, the alertness of your target, the strength of the spell, and your understanding of the magic. Upon stealing a spell, there is a chance to understand its structure and learn it. Cooldown: 2 minutes 30 seconds. Cost: 18 Mana.

Zhang ZhengXiong's talent points were spent on Feel Your Pain and Strong And Tough Body. One would allow constitution to increase wisdom, and the other allowed it to increase strength. He also upgraded his heroic talent to intermediate level, so the effects of his auras and their bonus to himself increased by quite a bit. As for Lin Le, he put points into Knockoff Alchemy and his own heroic talent, becoming even more violent.

Andarl's Light: (Heroic - Intermediate Level): Aura effects increase by 45%. For every existing aura, gain +8% to all attributes. All allies affected by your auras gain +10% resistance to negative effects.

Rule No.1 of Alulu's Forceful Marketing - The Truth is in the Fist (Heroic - Intermediate Level): +10 Heavy Weapons Proficiency, +25 Strength, Damage is increased by 40% of Strength every attack has a chance to be a crushing blow which deals an additional 65% damage.

NalanPureSoul noticed the his stats increasing. *Did HeavenShakingMight upgrade his auras? But how does he have enough points to spend on so many auras? He must have a related talent, one that increases the effect of auras. These auras of his, at this point in the game, are simply game-changing. My health is practically doubled. Even up until mid-game, these auras will still remain useful, afterall, who would dislike having an aura buff?*

After they got ready, everyone continued to explore deeper in, killing many lesser demons and warlock disciples. Ye Cang asked doubtfully, "What are these people doing?"

"They're a heretical sect of warlocks opposed to the ritualist association - Hell's Disciples. They were originally part of the warlock group called Eye of Saracaccia, but they split off and a part of them changed beliefs and began to worship the king of hell, Antunag. They wanted to open the gates of hell and allow Antunag to emerge in the human world. The other portion is more traditional and advocates worship of the void goddess - Saracaccia. The conflict between the two gods is rather large, so they broke off into the present day Hell's Disciples and Ritualist Association. That's more or less the story..." NalanPureSoul explained.

"So that's how it is..." Lin Le nodded seriously.

Everyone sighed.

"The association had me come and kill someone called March - a representative of Hell's Disciples - and take back the stolen rune stones..." NalanPureSoul shared the quest information. Ye Cang nodded, not asking anymore, instead choosing to make his way deeper into the cave. There were torches along the stone walls, placed at set intervals, providing light. After passing through a narrow tunnel, when they could just barely see the end, Ye Cang signalled everyone to stop as he went to scout. The closer he got, the clearer the sounds of chanting became. When he reached the end, he quietly peeked his head out. Inside was a 回 shaped hole, with stone stairs on two sides. The middle was a sacrificial altar, with a scarlet red magic circle. It was obvious at a glance that it was drawn with the blood of some sort of creature. At the altar lied three naked women. They didn't seem frightened, on the contrary, they had a zealous look of honor. In the middle of the magic circle was a glittering, scarlet crystal.

Encircling the altar were many identically dressed warlocks with their contracted demons. Standing at the altar was a man in a slightly darker robe. Seeing how he was leading the chant, he was probably be the boss. Ye Cang tried identifying him.

March the Cruel (Boss - Nightmare): Hell's Gate Ritualist.

Ye Cang suddenly felt like he was being watched. He quickly looked up and saw that above him was a light blue floating eye. *Not good!*

"Since you're here, then come take part in the ritual... as sacrifices!" The leader said in a withered voice and his eyes emitted a red light as he looked towards the crawling Ye Cang.

Ye Cang got up and used Dashing Straight Thrust, dodging away from a large black hand which emerged from the wall. He returned to everyone and drew his bow, "We've been discovered! Prepare for battle! Also... they seem to be doing some sort of ritual..."

NalanPureSoul's brows furrowed, and he said in a lovable voice, "Fight our way in! Interrupt the ceremony!! Don't let it finish! It's definitely not something good!"

Zhang ZhengXiong and the others charged. The rest quickly followed behind them. They smashed through the black hands emerging from the walls, and Zhang ZhengXiong leapt ferociously at a disciple. March laughed, and a large black hand knocked him out of the air. FrozenCloud took that chance to jump. Her claw ability activated, and she quickly pounced at March. Lin Le directly summoned his handcart and jumped, spreading chaos wherever he went. SpyingBlade and the others all took this opportunity to jump down, joining in the chaotic battle.

The area was in chaos. Everywhere one looked, they would see spells going off and fountains of blood.

March waved his hand and black energy exploded forth from him, knocking FrozenCloud flying. "Don't let them ruin the ceremony!!"
