---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 293"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

**Chapter 293: Lost**

Everyone finished eating breakfast and returned to the game.

Ye Cang was wandering the mountains with Lin Le, farming demon beasts. His Mountain Forest Hunter talent was giving him double bonus, so Ye Cang could feel his speed and reflexes vastly improved. Together with Lin Le's violent strength, they could easily kill rock boars. Ye Cang was in charge of ranged attack and support, while Lin Le and Little Ren launched sneak attacks from the two sides.

Ye Cang chopped up a body and threw it into the cart. Stroking his chin, he began thinking about where he could go to learn to make traps and whatnot. While in thought, they walked to a cliffside and saw the boundless mountain range. To explore even just the parts around them could take a day or two.

The sunlight was very warm. Ye Cang turned and said indifferently, "Let's start heading back to the village. They are also on the way..."

The two of them followed Caldo's winding trail downwards.

NalanPureSoul intended to gather his guild, but who would have thought that Black Rock City's Ritualist Association would deploy two of their own Demon Controller rank Warlocks, so he cancelled the guild gathering. Together with Zhang ZhengXiong and the others, they rode on the association's coattail, rapidly moving towards Bal Village.

"Brother Lil'White, such a big eagle!" Lin Le was near a cliff and saw a Black Rock Eagle flying above them. Ye Cang faintly smiled, and pulled out his heavy crossbow from his bag. He aimed at the sky, and shot it out of the air. Lin Le rushed over, sticking his sword into the cliff wall and directly slid down. Searching the corpse, he shouted out, "Brother Lil'White! This old eagle was actually carrying a gold quality ring!"

Ye Cang ran over while manually reloading his heavy crossbow. He looked doubtfully at the eagle. It was clearly just an elite beast, how did it drop a gold quality ring? He quickly snatched it.

Mary's Precious Ring (Gold - Valuable - Quest)

Category: Ring

Requirements: None

+12 Intelligence

+15 Wisdom

+6 Constitution

+10 Spell Power

Restore 1 mana every 10 seconds.

+10 All Resistances

Gentle: Activate to restore 15% mana and health. Cooldown: 2 hours.

PS: A beloved ring that Mary of Black Rock City lost. If possible, please return it...

Ye Cang thought for a bit. Black Rock City's Mary!? It seems to be that family that A'Xiong helped walk a dog for. He recalled that they were earls, and there was a very pretty big sister. The attributes were so good, so he decided to wear it for now. Even if they wanted to return it, it was a matter for when they got back. He moved on to chop up the body. "Next time let's eat this. It might taste good with monstrous bird meat..."

"Brother Lil'White, there's a huge python over there!" Lin Le once again called out, pointing to something wriggling in the woods, then rushed after it like a child.

"Go!" Ye Cang finished loading his crossbow bolt, and chased after Lin Le. They were having so much fun, they completely forgot about returning to the village...

"Brother Lil'White! There's a Black Rock Pheasant!"

"Become chicken soup!"

"Lele, go up the cliff and grab two eggs. I'll keep the ravens busy."

"Brother Lil'White, this mushroom is so big!"

"Let me see, mammoth mushroom, a large fungus. Lele, come help me carry it into the cart..."

"Mm! Okay!"

Bal Village. Everyone had already arrived, but without Ye Cang, they were helpless, unable to turn in the quest. The village chief not only didn't believe a word they said, he even refused to give them the reward. Wu Na messaged him, "What are you doing? We're all waiting for you and Lele. Not here yet!?"

"Um, I think we're lost. Lele, you sure that's the right way..." Ye Cang looked at Lele's ahoge turned radar mode, pointing in a direction.

"Definitely, Lele is never lost..." Lin Le said sternly.

Ye Cang could only sigh. "Just wait a while longer..."

The two Demon Controlling Warlocks were looking at NalanPureSoul, displeased. "How much longer until that companion of yours comes? We've already waited for a long time."

"He's lost in the mountains, but he should be here soon." NalanPureSoul said, blushing with shame.

An hour later, Ye Cang and Lin Le finally reached Bal Village. They were a bit embarrassed as they looked at everyone, especially the glaring NalanMoon, Wu Na, and the others. "Aha, my bad. It's because Lele kept running around so we got lost. Hurry and apologize to everyone! Lele..."

"Eh, sorry..." Lin Le unwillingly forced out those words.

The two warlocks saw Ye Cang's silver adventurer medal, looking somewhat surprised. *Adventurer Association? Whatever, since it's one of their people, we don't have to treat them badly.* Then, they saw the medal on Lin Le's chest. *There's actually someone from those gangster's association. He's even got a blue bordered fist medal, showing that he's an elite debt-collector.* "Let's hurry up. Lead the way..."

Ye Cang came to the resting Village Chief, and thoroughly explained Verali's situation. The village chief began to shed tears. "My granddaughter. Boo hoo. As long as she ok. But she actually fell for a goblin. Hah, such a waste of Lili's beauty. Such a gentle and obedient..."

Ye Cang and the others thought back to Verali's build, as well as that shout that reverberated through the mountain range, and that poor goblin hovering between life and death.

Ye Cang couldn't hold back his curiosity, "Are both of Verali's parents human?"

The old chief shook his head. "Lili has no parents. I found her floating down the brook. Ever since young, she's be especially strong, and ate a lot. In order to provide for her, I almost broke these old bones of mine. However, once Lili got a bit older, she became more sensible. Every time she went out, she would bring back many foods and animals. Truly filial..."

As he spoke, tears flowed down her cheeks. He thought about how his dear granddaughter was getting married, and he said words that came from his heart. "Thank you, you deserve this reward."

Ye Cang recalled his grandmother, and suddenly, Verali looked a lot less ugly. In fact, he began to admire her, even if only a little...

"Congratulations, you've completed 《Village Chief's Commision - Rescue Verali》. Obtained a Verali and Village Chief's favor, 2400 experience, +1 class talent point, and a random class talent."

"Beast Knowledge (Ranger - Hunter - Druid - Beginner Level): Raise damage against beast type enemies by 15%, raises chance of success for taming skills against beasts, as well as improves beast related skills."

Zhang ZhengXiong obtained Heavy Armor Proficiency; when he is wearing all heavy armor, he receives an additional 25% defence and 5% health. Lin Le learned No Business is Not Bad (Skills involving money have their price halved, and increases their upper bound by +1). Wu Na was happy, this was her third class talent, and it was a really good one. Piercing Cold - Super Rare (+10 Defence, +7 Wisdom, reduced mana cost of ice spells by 15%, increase their effects by 15%, and gain +10 Spell Power when casting an ice spell.)

OldWangFromNextDoor was also very happy. His talent strengthened his summon. FrozenCloud got an attribute for her Qi - Wind. Now other than it's usual effects, it would also add wind attribute to her attacks, which could change the effects of her skills. Wind attribute would make it lean more towards penetration and speed.
