---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 295"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Raphael Ramirez"
---

### Chapter 295: Forceful Marketing

NalanMoon and the others looked at him with contempt. *Who are you trying to fool? You were on the verge of laughing out loud just now.* NalanPureSoul remained silent. The compound ring's stats were definitely out of the ordinary. FrozenCloud thought of something and looked at Zhang ZhengXiong. He had a three in one ring, each of which were useful. Ye Cang saw the curious gazes his team was giving him, which satisfied his vanity. He raised his brows proudly and let his team members come see the ring. FrozenCloud and Wu Na were immediately captivated by its splendor. They saw the two godly on-death skills attached to the ring. One allowed him to revive at full health, and if anyone knew about the other, no one in their right mind would try to kill him. It would only result in their own death; even his team might not be spared... A scene appeared in FrozenCloud's mind. Team leader running into the enemies, dieing, blowing them all up, reviving at full health, then spitting on their corpses. This was definitely something that he, Shaking Bear, and Lele dared to do.

Wang was dumbstruck. *There was a ring like this!? As expected of boss!*

Ye Cang basked in everyone's envy, and began to distribute the equipment. There were 3 gold quality equipment, 2 distinguished quality, and 2 super rare skillbooks. It really was a big harvest. "I'll be taking two pieces of gold equipment and one distinguished. The remaining equipment are yours. The skillbook will be one and one. No problem right?"

NalanPureSoul nodded, afterall, it was something agreed on beforehand.

"I'll pick this magic longsword..." Ye Cang took a gold quality magic longsword.

Dudosa's Fang (Gold - Abyss - Demon)

Category: Magic Longsword

Requirements: 100 Strength or Wisdom, and 70 Constitution

Damage: 25 - 26

Additional Fire Damage: 11 - 15

+15 Intelligence

+13 Wisdsom

+10 Constitution

+10 Spell Power

+14 Fire Spell Effect

Dudosa's Breath: Arouse the strength of Dudosa's breath embedded in the longsword. Send a breath of hellfire in a large conical area, dealing 30 damage and inflicting burn for 5 seconds. Chance of causing 2 second paralysis. Cooldown: 3 hours.

NalanPureSoul frowned at Ye Cang. *He's doing it on purpose. The other two are clearly better for them, while that sword is perfect for me. It increase spellcasting stats and has both 10 spell power and 15 fire spell effect. That's a total of 24 spell power. Moreover, that active skill fits well with my Conflagrate. To me, it is a top quality item.* NalanMoon and the others couldn't bear to watch. They wanted to shout out and criticize him, but NalanPureSoul smiled at them. He looked at Ye Cang, "Could I request that you concede it to me, and pick another..."

"It's not that I can't. Let's do this, when we return to the city, come to my little brother's place and have your equipment embedded with crystals. The price will be fair. Little Moon knows..." Ye Cang knew how much NalanPureSoul wanted this piece of equipment, so he took this chance to sell off some of their excess crystals. He patted NalanMoon's shoulder and smiled, getting a roll of her eyes in return, "F\*\*k off..."

NalanPureSoul sighed. This would probably cost him a fortune, but he still nodded. Embedding crystals wasn't too bad. Better than directly throwing away money. He took the longsword and equipped it. With a pink longsword at his waists, and a long robe, with light armor over it, he looked very soldierly.

Ye Cang took the remaining two gold items. They were a cloak and a shield.

Dudosa's Fur (Gold - Abyss - Demon)

Category: Cloak

Requirements: None

+18 Defence

+9 All Attributes

+50 Fire Resistance

Reduces fire damage taken by 30%.

Raging Flame Domain: When activated, allies in range gain +40 fire resistance and reduces their fire damage taken by 10% for 5 minutes. Cooldown: 1 day.

Dudosa's Skull (Gold - Abyss - Demon)

Category: Heavy Tower Shield

Requirements: 115 Strength or 125 Constitution

+36 Defence.

+14 Strength

+18 Constitution

Wielding causes a 7% stiffness in movement.

Recover 1 health every 10 seconds.

Reduce damage taken by 15%.

+50 Fire Resistance

Blocking an attack will deal 8 points of fire retaliation damage.

Dudosa - Batter: Arouse the strength of dudosa in the shield, and dealing a fierce flaming shock to surrounding targets, causing 55 fire damage with a chance of inflicting knockdown and 2 second stun. Cooldown: 3 hours.

"Let's give them both to Brother Xiong. It can be resistance gear for when we go up against a fire type boss. These two piece of equipment will greatly raise our efficiency in fire type environments." Little Ye Tian proposed.

Ye Cang pushed the two items towards him. Zhang ZhengXiong only took the cloak. "Bro, I don't need the shield. I like armguards more. If I equip the shield, then I'll need to change weapons too..."

Ye Cang thought for a moment, then equipped the scarlet red, metallic shield with cerberus heads and hellfire decorating its surface, onto his back. He tried grabbing the shield, then drawing his swordstaff and swinging it around. "Passable, it'll do..."

NalanMoon looked at Ye Cang and could not, for the life of her, understand his class. No matter how she calculated his attributes, it simply didn't add up. Also, to wield a two handed weapon in one hand required at least 30% higher attributes than required. How can all his attributes be so high! Ye Cang noticed everyone looking at him doubtfully, so he shared his Ranger's Mashup Spirit. How could he let them doubt his omnipotence? Once this was revealed, everyone had a flash of realization. No wonder he could wear heavy armor. It was because of this class talent. NalanPureSoul sighed in admiration. Though it was rated as only an uncommon talent, it's value was not something that could be decided just based on its rarity. It allowed rangers to have even more variations and wear powerful equipment earlier. Of course, to a normal player, it wasn't as good. The premise was that you had equipment powerful enough to require it. However, to this party that didn't lack in equipment, it was a godsend.

Ye Cang sighed and then threw the shield into his bag. He didn't really like shield either. It would be better to find a good tonfa. He decided to find a chance to sell it to the crazy lady. For better or for worse, she was the one who paid their wages. Of the distinguished equipment, Ye Cang took a heavy belt. It was scarlet red and had a metallic texture. The buckle had a cerberus and hellfire design, which was very eye pleasing. It gave high strength, high constitution, and decent fire resistance. A'Xiong already had a Distinguished quality one, and so did FrozenCloud. Lele's was part of a set, so it could only go to himself. He equipped it, and pulled back his wolf-head hood, pushing aside his tiger skin coat, and showed off the metallic cerberus belt which matched well with the heavy greaves. He looked at it, very satisfied, "Ok, now for the skill. I'll be taking this fire one..."

NalanPureSoul was feeling somewhat angry. *Again!?* He sighed, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "Just say what you want."

"I made too much food that's not selling. Those guys don't even look at the stats before running. Brother PureSoul is different. I can tell at a glance that you're intelligent. 200 gold and I'll sell you 30 pots of my home-made delicacies. You just have to heat it up. I'll even include two barrels of magic springwater." Ye Cang had Little Ye Tian's help when coming up with the price.

FrozenCloud broke out in cold sweat. Team leader has done it. That biochemical food really needed to be sold forcefully like this.

"Is it possible to pay half in federal dollars, or better yet, entirely in federal dollars?" NalanPureSoul calculated the 30 dishes and two barrels of magic springwater, then looked at the dishes themselves. It was about the same as the ones they had been eating. Although it was a bit expensive, and was clearly trying to profit from their misfortune, but it was at least useful. It's just that taste. His beautiful eyebrows faintly furrowed as he sighed.
