---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 296"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Brass, Raphael Ramirez, Umair Ahmed"
---

### Chapter 296: Kundala's Remorse

"Half federal dollars then. We're also lacking in gold..." Little Ye Tian said, quickly completing the transaction. Ye Cang passed the fire skillbook to NalanPureSoul, then took the other one. He wanted this skillbook anyways. Although it was also a fire type, it had a prerequisite. Ye Cang happened to have the prerequisite skill - Flame Blade.

Flame Lotus (Super Rare - Beginner Level): When flameblade is activated, you can activate this to imbue it with the power of raging flames. The next three attack will explode, dealing 45 damage to a small area, with a chance of inflicting paralysis. Lasts for 3 minutes or 3 attacks, whichever happens first. Prerequisite: Flame Blade. Cooldown: 30 minutes.

NalanPureSoul smiled, not taking Ye Cang's heartless actions to heart. Instead, for some reason, he found it a bit cute. He recalled that he had to quickly return to the association, so reached out his hand gracefully. "Working with you has been a pleasant experience..."

Ye Cang hesitated a moment before shaking his hand. "Happy to cooperate..."

The two of them once again stared at each other for a long while. One with an indifferent smile, the other with a graceful smile. Wu Na broke out in cold sweat. She didn't know why, but she felt like the two of them looked really good together, even though one of them was damn Ye Cang, and the other was The Temptress of the four heavenly kings. What was even weirder was that she felt a bit excited seeing this scene.

*Hellooo, you can let go now. How long do you want to stare into eachothers eyes for.* NalanMoon thought to herself.

"Then it's agreed..." Ye Cang nodded.

"Brother PaleSnow is really interesting. Deal..." NalanPureSoul said in a lovely voice, then turned to leave.

Everyone was once again at a loss. *What had they decided on? Could it be they could really talk through their eyes? Were they communicating through some strange brainwaves?*

FrozenCloud and Zhang ZhengXiong watched as NalanPureSoul and the others left, then quickly asked, "Team Leader, what did you transmit to each other just now? What did you agree on?"

"About the crystal embedding. I hoped that he would bring some good clients, and I could give him 20% commision. Let's go, back to Black Rock City to reorganize and see if there is any news on Mar Junior's side. You should also go back to your associations and ask around..." Ye Cang shrugged, then followed NalanPureSoul and the others out of the cave. They rushed towards Black Rock City.

Along the way, the two parties were fairly harmonious. They chatted happily together. Although the other side's leader would kill them for money, NalanMoon still held a pretty high opinion of him. Although he was sloppy, indolent, and often had dead fish eyes, but he had a decisive personality, he obviously had strength, and he was someone that even CloudDragon acknowledged.

Ye Cang suddenly recalled that he was still holding onto a C difficulty mission posting. He looked towards NalanPureSoul's group and exposed an expression full of goodwill. FrozenCloud, Wu Na, and Zhang ZhengXiong were familiar with that expression. They secretly thought, *Team Leader / Bro is plotting something evil again.* Zhang ZhengXiong saw the mission posting and gasped. He ran over to Ye Cang's side. "Give it to NalanMight. That kid keeps pissing me off..."

"It's up to fate..." Ye Cang nodded, then shouted towards NalanPureSoul. "Brother PureSoul, I have a matter to..."

NalanPureSoul doubtfully came to their side, and looked at the paper in Ye Cang's hand. He knew about the missions in the adventurer's association, and this scroll had the mark of the adventurer's association - two crossed swords. "C difficulty mission? How hard could it be?"

"I'll give you this quest. Just give me half the reward you complete it." Ye Cang smiled.

NalanPureSoul took it and skeptically read its contents. His expression became odd. *Finding someone to mate with? Must look alright, and have a robust body. The reward is quite a lot at 20 gold, and 50 upon successful pregnancy.* "Have a picture?"

"No, but it should be a girl from a wealthy family, so don't worry. Perhaps the reason it's C difficulty is because she's shy, depressed, or needs someone to thaw her heart..." Ye Cang said seriously.

NalanPureSoul blinked his beautiful eyes, and passed the scroll to NalanMoon. NalanMoon looked at the two men within their party. The guild needed gold right now, not to mention how easy this quest was. Those two guys would definitely be more than happy to do it. However, why doesn't Team Leader go to do it himself? She shook her head, dismissing the thought, then had NalanMight and LooseCloud come over. "This quest, who out of you two wants it. It's some girl from a wealthy family, so should be pretty. 20 gold reward. If the tadpole finds its way, then 50 gold."

"For real...?" LooseCloud said, feeling a bit excited.

"Let me..." NalanMight reached out for it.

NalanMoon threw the mission posting to the two of them. "Decide amongst yourselves."

When OldWangFromNextDoor learned what the quest was, he looked doubtfully at Team Leader, wondering why he was letting others benefit from it, instead of giving it to one of their own. He wanted to go and fight for it too. Ye Cang pulled him away, then took out FrozenCloud's 'pre plastic surgery' picture and whispered, "The quest target is at about this level."

OldWangFromNextDoor gasped, feeling a chill around his crotch. He recalled Ye Cang's goodwilled smile, then looked at LooseCloud and NalanMight, who were still fighting over it, and broke out in cold sweat. Even cheating someone shouldn't be this cruel. He looked at the picture and asked, "Who is this?"

FrozenCloud noticed the gazes of Ye Cang and OldWangFromNextDoor, an encouraging light in their gazes. Wu Na patted her shoulder comfortingly. FrozenCloud facepalmed finding it both embarrassing and funny.

Black Rock City.

Ye Cang watched as an excited LooseCloud walked into a grand mansion. After a few minutes, he heard a mournful shriek, and sighed. "Be safe..."

"Well said..." Lin Le nodded.

FrozenCloud wiped the sweat from her forehead. She began thinking of the consequences of tricking Team Leader. With his disposition... the thought made her hairs stand on end.

NalanMight also shuddered after hearing LooseCloud's blood curdling scream.

As for NalanPureSoul, he said, looking unperturbed, "I'm going back to the ritualist association..."

After speaking, he looked at Ye Cang and sighed, then left. NalanMoon had an odd expression as she said, "Girl from a wealthy family?"

Ye Cang blinked, making his white eyelashes flutter, and pretend to not know anything. He pushed the blame cleanly away. "That's... just what I heard..."

NalanMoon's heart shook, and she rolled her eyes. 

After a while, LooseCloud stumbled out of the mansion with a pouch of money. His face was pale and haggard, as if he had just been violated. His two eyes had lost all their vigor. He looked like a walking corpse. He continuously muttered, "Let me die, let me die..."

NalanMoon sighed deeply, and took the pouch, giving half to Ye Cang. She then looked at the picture that slipped out of LooseCloud's trembling hands. Even though she was a girl, she couldn't help gasping, then turned and glowered at Ye Cang. That guy definitely knew the truth. When NalanMight saw the picture, he began to rejoice. That was too close.

"Ok, dismissed! Later, remember to bring money over to the A'Xiong at the blacksmith!" Ye Cang quickly escaped after taking the money and the scroll, and his voice gradually became more distant.

Ye Cang's group returned to the adventurer's association and presented the scrolls to complete the missions. Linda removed the seal, sending a ripple through her chest, and looked at the scrolls. She looked at Ye Cang with a strange expression. "Not bad, you even manage to complete a mission like this. It's been up for two years, yet no one showed any interest. It was really giving me a headache. How did you do it?"

"I tricked him saying it was a girl from a wealthy family, and promised him half the reward..." Ye Cang replied. 

Linda froze. "As expected of the member that I'm personally in charge of. I won't take the entire 10 gold. However, you're not the only one working hard. Of your 10 gold, the guild will take 2, and I'll take 2. Bal Village rescue mission reward is also 10 gold. Again, the guild will take 2, and I'll take 2. Ok, you can distribute the rest..."

Ye Cang took the reward, gave a few gold to SpyingBlade, then they went to look at the missions again. The bronze board had quite a few people looking at it now, so they directly went to the silver board. They didn't find any new quests, so everyone had freetime. He himself went with Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian to the church.

Ye Cang looked at Mar Junior, whose face seemed to be glowing. It seems like those magic crystals were effective.

Mar Junior looked at Ye Cang's group of 3 and grinned. "Good, I was just going to look for you guys. White hair, your viscount medal has come. Come with me to Marquis Azshara's place later."

Ye Cang faintly nodded. With the viscount medal, he would be able to develop Bal Village. He just needed workers. For now, it was just a village.

Zhang ZhengXiong and Little Ye Tian both went to find their own teachers. Mar Junior and Ye Cang got on a carriage and headed east.

"Oh right, do you know Alina and Kundala?" Ye Cang recalled the scene that flashed in his mind, and realized the man was dressed as a paladin, so he inquired.

Mar Junior furrowed his brows. "What are you mentioning him for? Kundala is a taboo subject amongst the paladins. Much of the information about him has been burned."

Ye Cang pointed towards his ring. Mar Junior carefully studied it, then called out in surprise, "To think it really exists. Alina's Tear and Kundala's Remorse. I thought it was just a legend."

"I also don't know the specifics. Kundala was once the commander of Purple Pine City's crusaders. His position was only below the commanders of the 5 great paladin orders. He was part of the crusader army under Marshal Barronka, and acted as his aide. He was renowned as a genius, and was in line to be the next Marshal. He received countless accolade for his battles, and became famous in the Gamera Canyon Campaign, which he commanded; 100 knights had intercepted an army of 100,000. It was a blood-soaked battle that lasted for 5 days, but they were able to hold on until the Steel Empire reached a crucial point. It was a famous event. It wouldn't have been weird if he became the pope one day. Alina was his spouse, however... Hah, he ultimately threw everything away and fell to the dark side. He fought to White Stone City and upon his death, even exploded, killing off a red robed bishop and thousands of grand knights. 'The light is no longer pure, the church is full of demons, so filthy I can't take it.' Those were his last words. On his death, he turned into a dark-red crystal, which was called Kundala's Remorse. As for Alina's Tear, nobody knows what happened. It's been an eternal mystery. How she died, or what happened to her, they have been long lost to history, and it's forbidden to make inquiries..."
