---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 298"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
thanks1: "Hazery, Ersal Hidayat"
---

**Chapter 298: Bal Village Project**

Just his attributes alone, every attribute put him among the top 5% of players.

He still had a few skillpoints, so he tried using them on the set of three shadow skills. It had to be acknowledged that these grouped skills were very skillpoint efficient. Upgrading 3 skills only required 2 points.

Kilaris's Shadow (Epic - Intermediate Level): Kilaris's 3 special skills. Requirements: 50 Strength, 75 Dexterity, 45 Intelligence.

Shadow Step: Can instantly appear at any shadow within a certain range. Cost: 25 energy and 10 mana. Cooldown: 25 seconds.

Shadow Strike: When attacking, can instantly have your shadow attack your target using your last attack, dealing 95% damage. Cost: 30 energy and 9 mana. Cooldown: 12 seconds.

Equip Shadow: Can equip an extra two pieces of equipment in your shadow, which can be taken out at any time.

Summon - Shadow Weapon: Can summon a weapon in your shadow to fight for you for 1 minute. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Ye Cang raised his eyebrows, surprised. After upgrading it, not only had all three skills been improved, there was even a new skill. Summon - Shadow Weapon. Also, now he could equip two weapons in his shadow. One was a dark red pike which was a combination of Kilaris's pike and Matac's Rose Pike. The stats were about the same as the gold quality rose pike, but the active ability changed into the shadow pike's attack and it had the shadow pike's extended range. Of the rose pike's abilities, only the Pierce - Heavy Pike remained. He could only give up on the rose pike's active ability, as an item wasn't allowed to have so many special abilities. However, after embedding a queen bee crystal into it, it further raised its penetration and dealt additional poison damage.

Ye Cang was now considering what other weapon to pick. Now that his new skill could summon one of the items to fight by itself, he could put his heavy crossbow inside, but it was designed to go inside a bag and it would be a waste to have it fire without controlling it. It would be good if he had another heavy crossbow. He pulled out a masterwork greatsword and put it in his shadow.

After taking so long to decide, Ye Cang then asked their treasurer about their financial affairs, and the money they had earned from NalanPureSoul. "Little Tian, how much did we earn from Brother PureSoul?"

"Deducting the manufacturing costs and the commissioner to NalanPureSoul, 513 gold." Little Ye Tian replied.

Wu Na wiped her forehead. These guys were really rich now. 500 gold was about 5 million federal dollars, and this was at the official price. It was even more expensive in the black market, and there still wasn't enough gold to meet the demand. There were numerous purchases made at 2-3 times market price, even people begging to buy at 4 times. When they had allowed others to buy with half federal dollars, that was at the three times market price. Truly profiting from the misfortune of others.

SpyingBlade looked at Ye Cang and could only smile bitterly. He himself could be considered well-off with hundreds of gold, but damn, these guys were gold tycoons. They were definitely in the 4 digits, and still had so many goods. However, they were probably planning to spend a large amount if they are really going to build up Bal Village. 

Ye Cang looked at the shocked Wang, and patted his shoulder. "Work hard. Once you gain our final approval, you can join our Happy Firmament studio..."

"Umm, how do I earn your final approval?" Wang asked weakly.

"Go ask Lele, he's in charge of recruiting." Ye Cang smiled indifferently. Not far away, Lin Le's ahoge received Ye Cang's signal. He arrived quickly and pulled OldWangFromNextDoor away, as if he was prey.

"You must know that our Happy Firmament studio is world famous. Not anyone can join." Lin Le crossed his arms and said like an instructor. "You must pass through a strict selection process. In the future, I will be testing you..."

OldWangFromNextDoor blanked out. *World famous studio? Didn't you guys just start? And the studio was just recently created.* He sighed. He was completely unable to guess what Lele's tests would be, but there was one thing he was sure of. It wouldn't be something good. He wasn't fooled be Lele's usual foolishness. He knew that this brother Le would come up with the most inhuman bad ideas. In the short time which they've known each other, he had more or less figure them out. Brother Hero was super two-face and vile. Brother Diamond was super imposing and scary. And brother Mad Devil Le was the 'think tank' that came up with ideas. All three of them were hard to predict. Especially brother hero, just a smile would send shivers up his spine.

...

Capital, Qin family, courtyard

In the courtyard, beside Mr Qin, there was also also a tall bald man. On his cheek was a dragon shaped tattoo. This was the dragon group's 7th division's leader - Ren Long.

"Old Qin, just ask what you want, don't beat around the bush." Ren Long grinned.

"I want detailed information on one of your members called Ye Cang. Although it's not good to secretly inquire behind his back, but i need to know if he's here with honest or wicked intentions..." Mr Qin smiled. Although he believed that Ye Cang wasn't a villain, he still hoped to hear proof from this old friend.

Ren Long hesitated. *What is he asking for?* "Why?"

"He's my future son-in-law..." Mr Qin's words made Ren Long's mouth gape. He couldn't help laughing, "Old Qin, you've got yourself a disastrous son-in-law. He's an honorary member of our dragon group, someone the boss personally brought in. His strength is extraordinary, especially his hands which can tear apart the strongest alloy, and his speed which is as fast as lighting. His code-name in the dragon group is White Lightning."

Ren Long said these, but still kept many things a secret. Like the fact that Ye Cang was also a member of the 10 Commandments. This was something that only a few division leaders knew. It was highly classified information, and not something he could leak.

Mr Qin also didn't inquire any further. He recalled Ye Cang's abnormal speed. He really was a talent from the dragon group. He could relax knowing this. "Let's drink, let's drink! That daughter of mine, finally has a boyfriend..."

"Wasn't she lesbian with the Su family's eldest daughter?" Ren Long asked doubtfully.

"She's finally back on the right path." Mr Qin said gratefully.

ThornyRose happened to be passing nearby and heard this, causing her to break out in cold sweat. *Just how far has that rumor spread! Even someone from the dragon group knows about it.* She knew Ren Long. He was good friends with her father, and was an important figure in the dragon group. *Whoever is spreading these rumors, you better not let me find you!!*

ElegantFragrance was with BornFlirty. They were currently drinking cold drinks and chatting. Suddenly, she sneezed, but immediately continued gossiping. They laughed together, creating a lovely scene.

...

Black Peaks, at the base of Caldo Mountain, Bal Village.

Ye Cang greeted the former chief while Little Ye Tian explained Bal Village's expansion and their planned relationships with the fishmen and goblin tribe. They hoped he would act as a vice-chief, and take charge of the daily affairs. Fayr happily agreed. Not long after, Rica also arrived and joined in the discussion. As for Ye Cang, he acted the part of a boss who does nothing. Before they left, Fayr quickly shouted out, "Chief Pale Snow, Lili is getting married the day after tomorrow. I hope you can come and host the event..."

"......" Ye Cang didn't know how to respond, so he just smiled stiffly and nodded, "No problem."

Immediately, they travelled without rest to the brown scaled fishmen tribe, and negotiated about Bal Village's expansion and diplomatic relations. Bansa trusted Ye Cang, who had the title of pioneer, so he readily agreed. Anyways, agreeing would help improve the fishmen's daily lives, as the human's spices were something rare to the fishmen tribe.

As for the goblins, chief Ye didn't need to meddle. Afterall, Verali was there. Just like that, the three most powerful and influential tribes around Caldo mountain established amicable, mutually beneficial relationships. Ye Cang's reached Legendary prestige with Bal Village, worshipped with the fishmen tribe, and even obtained worshipped with the goblin's thanks to Verali's suppression. Everyone was happy. Although their prestige wasn't as high as Ye Cang's, but they were at least revered, which would be helpful when accepting and completing quests here. It was also likely that, after the expansion and the three tribes began to trade, there would be rare objects and equipment that they could trade for.

Ye Cang had moved around busily for over half the day, and was looking over the equally busy villagers and workers. However, they were awfully jovial. Expanding the large empty space was part of the plan, but first, they had to move Bal Village. SpyingBlade crossed his arms as he watched the flourishing village, then he turned and looked at Ye Cang. *This guy...*

"Father, at this pace, it will only take a week for the new village to be created. As for the other things, it could take a little over half a month, since we're a bit short on manpower. We have to build walls, sentry towers, and develop the vacant land. Practically all our funds are going into this project. Luckily, manpower wise, all the villagers are willing to work for free. They're building their new houses with all their heart and soul. Therefore... for now, it's enough. Once we've completed it, we can call it a town. Actually, even after completing this, the surrounding area still has another very large empty plot of land, and... if we tunnel through this cliff, we can directly reach the fishmen tribe. Then from there, we could carve out a stairway directly to the goblin tribe. However, right now, we don't have enough funds to expand the town." Little Ye Tian reported after calculating the work rate and their funds.

"Mm, we'll discuss it again in the future. One step at a time." Ye Cang smiled as he pet Little Ye Tian's head.

Little Ye Tian nodded sensibly. Her father's words were right. She was being a bit too impatient.

Ye Cang brought everyone and headed towards one of the other mountains surrounding Bal Village in search of any clues about the evil cult. Little Ye Tian had already eliminated the areas with sentries. 

Two days passed without any results, but Ye Cang and Zhang ZhengXiong had obtained a large amount of materials and ores. Among them were many rare goods. Because he needed to go to Verali's wedding, they had to quickly return. SpyingBlade was somewhat speechless, but still followed them back instead of working alone. He felt like if he stayed with them, there might be a hidden quest.

Ye Cang was in the middle of the village watching the chief help Verali put on her veil. On the other side, Greenda put a headband on the sad Gotano. Greenda was even more adamant about it after hearing Verali's say to him with a shy expression, "If I hadn't met Nono first, I would have definitely fallen for you."

Ye Cang's whole body shivered, and his crotch felt cold. Looking at her solid arms, he recalled how a gentle pat of hers had nearly insta-killed him, which made him break out in cold sweat. Looking at the depressed Gotano, he sighed in relief and wiped his forehead. *Thank you on behalf of Bal Village and the Fishmen Tribe. Your goblin tribe has made the biggest contribution by subduing Verali, who had chased away a majority of the males in this area. Your sacrifice will not be in vain...*
