---
layout: chapter
title:  "Chapter 300"
category: "VWPWE"
translator: "syzc"
comments: true
---

### Chapter 300: The Crusade Begins

Night descended, revealing the beautiful sea of stars.

FrozenCloud watched at the luminescent jellyfish by the boat, then gazed into the distance. The sky and the sea seem to reflect each other. Although she had seen the sea of stars before, but to see it from a boat was much more immersive, as if she was one of the many twinkling stars in the sky.

The little boat returned to the dock. Zhang ZhengXiong secured the rope, and everyone returned to the cabin.

"Lil'Dino, just sleep here for tonight. There are many empty guestrooms, and we can chat together..." Wu Na grabbed her. FrozenCloud looked towards Ye Cang, not wanting to impose.

"Stay, it's late." Ye Cang said with a faint smile.

"Then I'll be troubling you all." FrozenCloud nodded, then was pulled by Wu Na towards the bathroom to shower.

Ye Cang hosed himself clean outside, and shook his white hair dry. After drying off, he took the heavenly fox mask and left.

Half-Moon Lake.

Zhao XiangYu was just wondering when her teacher would come. She was resting after a bit of training. Last time, her injuries weren't light. Although it was mostly healed, she should still avoid excessive exercise. She wiped her sweat with her towel, and drank some water. Then she turned and saw a heavenly fox mask. The sudden appearance gave her a scare, causing her to spit out the water in her mouth. Ye Cang quickly stepped to the side, dodging the spout of water.

"Master, don't suddenly appear beside me. You scared me." Zhao XiangYu wiped his mouth.

Ye Cang didn't speak. He turned, leaped onto the big rock, and sat down. "There are no problems right?"

"I'm pretty much better." Zhao XiangYu nodded. She drew out her metal sword, and displayed a rapid thrust. Ye Cang motioned her to throw her sword up to him.

Zhao XiangYu doubtfully threw her sword up. Ye Cang caught the blade with his bare hands, then shaved the two finger wide sword into a thumb wide one before throwing it back.

Zhao XiangYu retrieve her sword, shocked. She tried another thrust, and the balance felt a lot better. She continuously stabbed and slashed. Her curiosity was piqued, what exactly was Ye Cang's weapon? Did he use a sword? She had first thought he was a swordsman, but now she wasn't sure. Those hands that could tear apart metal, what kind of weapon would be worthy enough for them to wield? 

"Your body's about healed, so next time you can train your body with your martial uncle... Go back and sleep." Ye Cang said with a yawn. He disappeared from under the moonlight.

Zhao XiangYu shivered. She had to fight that masked martial uncle again? She smiled bitterly, hugging her thin sword. She looked out at the lake in thought. Next week was the swordsmanship exchange meet. She silently returned to her training, her eyes full of fighting spirit.

Ye Cang had only moved to a nearby tree. He leaned on it and watched her train with serious expression, though she was only using the most basic thrust and slash. He smiled, then turned to leave. He went to Old Wang's to have a snack, and signed a few signatures for fans of team T-105.

"It's T-105's White Asura! The master strategist! Please give me your signature!"

"Where, where!"

The student run newsgroup was originally here to report on the local delicacies, when Ye Cang was suddenly swarmed. A short haired beauty slapped the back of the camera man's head. "Hurry, we have to be first!"

"I'm east district news club's Shan TongTong. Please comment regarding team T-105's combat test ban. What do you think about it?" The short haired beauty forced her way to the front and asked.

Zhang ZhengXiong and FrozenCloud were in the livingroom watching TV, and happened to see this. "My bro is on TV..."

"Since it has been decided, I can only silently accept it, even though I believe their decision is equal to taking away our rights. The combat test is a place for us students to improve ourselves, to get down and dirty like in a real fight. However, this is the instructor's right, we can only silently accept it..." Ye Cang said towards the camera, looking disappointed and laden with grief.

Wu Na rolled her eyes. *The number of times you've been in a classroom can be counted on one hand, yet you call yourself a student!? You're just going to the combat test to spread chaos, yet you have the nerve to say those things.*

What Shan TongTong got from his speech was that he seemed have some resentment for the school! This was a big scoop! "Student Ye Cang, regarding the school, you seem to be complaining a lot..."

Before she could finish, Ye Cang snatched her mic and raised his hand, "I condemn the college for taking away our rights! Condemn them!"

Although his tone was indifferent, but the surrounding people began to jeer. They all began to wave and call out righteously, "Condemn them! Condemn them!"

Ye Cang saw that Shan TongTong wasn't waving with them, and made a good-willed smile. "You're not going to join us in condemning them?"

Shan TongTong didn't know why, but she felt a shiver. She weakly waved and shouted, "Condemn them, condemn them..."

Zhang ShaoFeng watched this scene on a holographic projection. The protest was growing bigger and bigger. Ye Cang brought the people on a march with him holding a banner that said 'Condemn the school! Give me justice!'. They had started with about a hundred people, but had quickly gathered a thousand. In the end, it even reached tens of thousands of people, who had come to join the fun, marching with their respective banners. Even FrozenCloud, a student from the capital, had come to march at the front. Shan TongTong had been dragged along. Ye Cang had tied a headband on her head, with the words 'Human Rights' on it. She was currently wiping her cold sweat. This was big news! This was her chance to make it big! She turned and looked at the camera, "This is the east district's YueJian street, where team T-105 has initiated a protest. It has already reached 30,000 people in size! The protesters are comprised of  students that have experience unfairness in the school system and fans of T-105. Even now, more and more people are coming to join the protest. The situation is getting out of control!"

Ye Cang pulled Shan TongTong over, and examined her headband. After some thought, he added a heart, signed his name, and then added another heart after. He smiled and said indifferently, "Don't take it off~"

Shan TongTong looked at the words on it now. Human Rights <3 Ye Cang <3. *Am I your loyal fan!?* She looked at the huge march, and really didn't dare to take it off. She could only smile stiffly, and think of her future as a reporter. She wore it on her head and sighed, then continued broadcasting.

Lin Le had made a giant flag and was waving it. Zhang ZhengXiong had a loudspeaker and was making appeals.

"Boss, the school's henchmen have come!" A T-105 supporter reported.

"The student council?" Ye Cang raised his brows. He looked at the hundreds of uniformed council members, headed by the student president of the east district - Zhong Yun. He had a crew cut, oval face, and stood perfectly straight, looking almost like a soldier. Zhong Yun walked up to Ye Cang. "I hope you can stop it here..."

"If I say no?" Zhang ZhengXiong showed off his supernatural body and asked with a sneer.

Zhong Yun frowned, his hand stroking his ring. "Then it won't turn out well for anyone, there's no point..."

Lin Le jumped out to the front, took off his pants, and mooned them. "Stuuupid, bleeeh~~ You should know! We have more people! Brothers! Beat up these student council villains! They might be strong, but they can't stop us all! Don't be afraid of being hit! Brother Lil'White has said before! It's not scary to fail! What's scary is lacking the courage to try!! This is our crusade! Come everyone!" Lin Le roared.

"Crusade! Crusade!" Abnormally synchronous voices resounded throughout the city, all calling for a holy war.

In the skies above the college's east district, the image of crossed fists suddenly appeared.

Shan TongTong covered her forehead. *Holy crap, they actually started a holy war.*

Zhong Yun looked at the sky. The college system had accepted the holy war! The countdown was beginning! Looking at the grand army of students, he couldn't help feeling somewhat apprehensive. Against an army of ten thousand, his group seemed really insignificant.

"Do you dare to accept?" Ye Cang appeared indifferent yet also seemed to be looking down on him.

Zhong Yun looked at Ye Cang's indifferent yet provocative expression. If he didn't accept, the student council's popularity would drop! It had already started anyways, so he had no choice.

The student council members were scared. They were really starting a holy war! The countdown had already started! They quickly retreated to call the defence force. The thousands of defence force members became locked in a brawl. FrozenCloud couldn't help sighing. Lin Hai was really the most fun. Her visit this time was truly worth it. Although it was a big PVP war involving tens of thousands of people, it had already been tens of years since anyone has started such a holy war. It wasn't easy to satisfy all the school systems conditions, and no one was so bored as to waste their time trying. With a kick, she knocked over a student council girl. *Teach you to act cute!* (Holy War, a rule created by the college system's founder - the Chrysanthemum King. When the total number of people in a conflict surpasses 10,000, then one can declare a holy war. 70% of the participants must accept. This is a legal gang fight which doesn't allow deaths. The winning side can make a proposal which the losing side must adopt. Victory condition is capturing the enemy leader. Any damages will be covered by the school board. The reason for having this system in place is to train the students to respond to events which devolve into large scale fights.)

Wu Na took out her electric guitar, and gathered her band members. They began to perform and liven up the event.

Zhang ShaoFeng watched the spectacle. *A holy war!? The two leaders are Ye Cang vs Zhong Yun. Who would have thought I would have the chance to witness one.* He couldn't help but begin to record it, then smiled bitterly. He quickly ordered Li LiJa to gather the instructors and the guards, to join the war and help the school's side.

Many people in the school who were beginning to head to bed, all received calls from friends. They quickly got dressed, and rushed over to take part. The fight was becoming more chaotic. Every medical personnel was deployed to help the wounded. Ye Cang stood at the very back like a dignified general. He put a barbeque shop's jacket on his shoulder like a cape which blew in the wind, making him look rather imposing.

"Normal students, form teams of 10. Focus on beating up the defence force members! Give any equipment you get to the stronger people!" Little Ye Tian was exceptionally cool-headed and began to command the troops. The people rapidly formed into groups. Conforming to military practice, 10 commanders were chosen. As the genius girl of team T-105, nobody objected to her decisions. Zhang ZhengXiong commanded the 1st army, FrozenCloud the 2nd. Lin Le was in charge of the support troops. He ran around, broadcasted cheers, watched the general situation, and even gave orders to a short haired young man, "7th army, immediately launch a surprise attack on the student council's base!"

"Advisor! Yes Sir! 7th army, follow me to the student council base! See if they still dare to force us to wear uniforms!" This person was the leader of the first team that Ye Cang had traded equipment to - Sun Yu.

"Charge! Down with uniforms! It doesn't match with my hairstyle!!" A blond man holding a metal bat roared.
